UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
SCHEDULE 14A
Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
Filed by the Registrant ☒
Filed by a Party other than the Registrant ☐
Check the appropriate box:
[BEGIN TABLE]
 ☐   Preliminary Proxy Statement  
 ☐   Confidential, For Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2))  
 ☒   Definitive Proxy Statement  
 ☐   Definitive Additional Materials  
 ☐   Soliciting Material Pursuant to §240.14a-12  
[END TABLE]
SILVERSUN TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
(Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter)
(Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant)
Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box):
[BEGIN TABLE]
 ☒   No fee required.  
 ☐   Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11.  
 (1)   Title of each class of securities to which transaction applies:  
 (2)   Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies:  
 (3)   Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11 (set forth the amount on which the filing fee is calculated and state how it was determined):  
 (4)   Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction:  
 (5)   Total fee paid:  
 ☐   Fee paid previously with preliminary materials.  
 ☐   Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing for which the offsetting fee was paid previously. Identify the previous filing by registration statement number, or the Form or Schedule and the date of its filing.  
 (1)   Amount Previously Paid:  
 (2)   Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.:  
 (3)   Filing Party:  
 (4)   Date Filed:  
[END TABLE]
SILVERSUN TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
120 Eagle Rock Avenue
East Hanover, NJ  07936
(973) 396-1720
NOTICE OF ANNUAL
MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
TO BE HELD DECEMBER 14, 2018
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
You are cordially invited to attend the Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the "Annual Meeting") of SilverSun Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (together with its subsidiaries, "Company", "SilverSun", "we", "us" or "our"), which will be held on December 14, 2018, at 10:00 A.M. EST at 120 Eagle Rock Avenue, East Hanover, NJ  07936, for the following purposes:
[BEGIN TABLE]
 1.   To elect four (4) directors to hold office for a one year term and until each of their successors are elected and qualified;  
 2.   To ratify the appointment of Friedman LLP as our independent certified public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2018;  
 3.   To approve the adoption of the SilverSun Technologies, Inc. 2018 Equity and Incentive Plan; and  
 4.   To transact such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting or any postponement or adjournment thereof.  
[END TABLE]
The foregoing items of business are more fully described in the Proxy Statement that is attached and made a part of this Notice. Only stockholders of record of our common stock, par value $0.00001 per share ("Common Stock") and Series B preferred stock, par value $0.001 per share (the "Series B Preferred") at the close of business on November 5, 2018 (the "Record Date"), will be entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the Annual Meeting or any adjournment thereof.
All shareholders are cordially invited to attend the Annual Meeting in person. Your vote is important regardless of the number of shares you own. Only record or beneficial owners of SilverSun Common Stock and Series B Preferred as of the Record Date may attend the Annual Meeting in person. When you arrive at the Annual Meeting, you must present photo identification, such as a driver's license. Beneficial owners also must provide evidence of stockholdings as of the Record Date, such as a recent brokerage account or bank statement.
Whether or not you expect to attend the Annual Meeting, please submit a proxy to vote your shares either via Internet or by mail. If you choose to submit your proxy by mail, please complete, sign, date and return the enclosed proxy card in the enclosed postage-paid envelope in order to ensure representation of your shares. It will help in our preparations for the meeting if you would check the box on the form of proxy if you plan on attending the Annual Meeting. Your proxy is revocable in accordance with the procedures set forth in the Proxy Statement.
In addition to mailing a printed copy of our proxy materials, to each stockholder of record, we expect to make certain proxy materials available over the Internet.
Accordingly, on or about November 10, 2018 we will begin mailing the Proxy Materials to all stockholders of record as of the Record Date.
[BEGIN TABLE]
     By Order of the Board of Directors  
     /s/ Mark Meller  
     Mark Meller  
     Chairman  
 November 1, 2018      
 East Hanover, New Jersey      
[END TABLE]
YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT
WHETHER OR NOT YOU PLAN TO ATTEND THE ANNUAL MEETING IN PERSON, TO ASSURE THAT YOUR SHARES WILL BE REPRESENTED, PLEASE COMPLETE, DATE, SIGN AND RETURN THE ENCLOSED PROXY WITHOUT DELAY IN THE ENCLOSED ENVELOPE, WHICH REQUIRES NO ADDITIONAL POSTAGE IF MAILED IN THE UNITED STATES. IF YOU ATTEND THE ANNUAL MEETING, YOU MAY VOTE IN PERSON IF YOU WISH TO DO SO EVEN IF YOU HAVE PREVIOUSLY SENT IN YOUR PROXY.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
[BEGIN TABLE]
 PROXY STATEMENT FOR ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS  4 
 General Information About the Proxy Statement and Annual Meeting  4 
 Voting Procedures and Vote Required  5 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT  6 
 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS (Proposal No. 1)  8 
 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE  10 
 Board of Directors  10 
 Director Independence  10 
 Board Meetings and Attendance  10 
 Stockholder Communications with the Board  10 
 Board Committees  10 
 Family Relationships  13 
 Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings  13 
 Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act  14 
 Code of Ethics  14 
 DIRECTOR COMPENSATION FOR FISCAL 2017  14 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION  15 
 Summary Compensation Table for Fiscal Years 2017 and 2016  16 
 Employment Agreements  16 
 Outstanding Equity Awards at 2017 Fiscal Year End  16 
 Director Agreements  16 
 COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT  17 
 AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT  18 
 RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (Proposal No. 2)  19 
 APPROVAL OF THE ADOPTION OF THE SILVERSUN TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 2018 EQUITY and INCENTIVE PLAN (Proposal No. 3)  20 
 FUTURE PROPOSALS  23 
 AVAILABILITY OF AVAILABILITY OF ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K AND HOUSEHOLDING  23 
 OTHER BUSINESS  23 
 OTHER MATTERS  24 
[END TABLE]
SILVERSUN TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
120 Eagle Rock Avenue
East Hanover, NJ  07936
PROXY STATEMENT
ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
TO BE HELD ON DECEMBER 14, 2018
GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE PROXY
STATEMENT AND ANNUAL MEETING
General
This Proxy Statement is being furnished to the shareholders of SilverSun Technologies, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries, the "Company", "SilverSun", "we", "us" or "our") in connection with the solicitation of proxies by our Board of Directors (the "Board of Directors" or the "Board") for use at the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on December 14, 2018 at 10:00 A.M. EST at 120 Eagle Rock Avenue, East Hanover, New Jersey 07936, and at any and all adjournments or postponements thereof (the "Annual Meeting"), for the purposes set forth in the accompanying Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Accompanying this Proxy Statement is a proxy/voting instruction form (the "Proxy") for the Annual Meeting, which you may use to indicate your vote as to the proposals described in this Proxy Statement. It is contemplated that this Proxy Statement and the accompanying form of Proxy will be first mailed to the Company's shareholders on or about November 5, 2018.
The Company will solicit shareholders by mail through its regular employees and will request banks and brokers and other custodians, nominees and fiduciaries, to solicit their customers who have stock of the Company registered in the names of such persons and will reimburse them for reasonable, out-of-pocket costs. In addition, the Company may use the service of its officers and directors to solicit proxies, personally or by telephone, without additional compensation.
Why am I being provided with these proxy materials?
We have delivered printed versions of these proxy materials to you by mail in connection with the solicitation by our Board of proxies for the matters to be voted on at our Annual Meeting and at any adjournment or postponement thereof.
What do I do if my shares are held in "street name"?
If your shares are held in a brokerage account or by a bank or other holder of record, you are considered the "beneficial owner" of shares held in "street name." As the beneficial owner, you have the right to direct your broker, bank or other holder of record on how to vote your shares by following their instructions for voting. Please refer to information from your bank, broker or other nominee on how to submit your voting instructions.
What if other matters come up at the Annual Meeting?
At the date this Proxy Statement went to press, we did not know of any matters to be properly presented at the Annual Meeting other than those referred to in this Proxy Statement. If other matters are properly presented at the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof for consideration, and you are a stockholder of record and have submitted a proxy card, the persons named in your proxy card will have the discretion to vote on those matters for you.
Voting Securities
Only shareholders of record as of the close of business on November 5, 2018 (the "Record Date") will be entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting and any adjournment or postponement thereof. As of the Record Date, there were approximately 4,500,755 shares of Common Stock of the Company issued and outstanding and entitled to vote representing approximately 868 holders of record and 1 share of Series B Preferred Stock of the Company, issued and outstanding and entitled to vote representing one holder of record. One (1) share of the Series B Preferred Stock has voting rights equal to (x) the total issued and outstanding Common Stock eligible to vote at the time of the respective vote divided by (y) forty-nine one-hundredths (0.49) minus (z) the total issued and outstanding Common Stock eligible to vote at the time of the respective vote. For the avoidance of doubt, if the total issued and outstanding Common Stock eligible to vote at the time of the respective vote is 5,000,000, the voting rights of the Series B Preferred Stock shall be equal to 5,204,082 (e.g. (5,000,000 / 0.49) – 5,000,000 = 5,204,082). Shareholders may vote in person or by proxy. Each holder of shares of Common Stock is entitled to one vote for each share of stock held on the proposals presented in this Proxy Statement. The Company's Bylaws, as amended, provide that at least a majority of the outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote, whether present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at the Annual Meeting. The enclosed Proxy reflects the number of shares that you are entitled to vote. Shares of Common Stock may not be voted cumulatively.
Voting of Proxies
All valid proxies received prior to the Annual Meeting will be voted. The Board of Directors recommends that you vote by proxy even if you plan to attend the Annual Meeting. You can vote your shares by proxy via Internet, mail or phone. To vote via Internet, go to www.proxyvote.com and follow the instructions. To vote by mail, fill out the enclosed Proxy, sign and date it, and return it in the enclosed postage-paid envelope to Vote Processing, c/o Broadridge, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, NY 11717. To vote by phone, dial 1-800-690-6903 and follow the instructions. Voting by proxy will not limit your right to vote at the Annual Meeting if you attend the Annual Meeting and vote in person. However, if your shares are held in the name of a bank, broker or other holder of record, you must obtain a proxy executed in your favor, from the holder of record to be able to vote at the Annual Meeting.
Revocability of Proxies
All Proxies which are properly completed, signed and returned prior to the Annual Meeting, and which have not been revoked, will be voted in favor of the proposals described in this Proxy Statement unless otherwise directed. A shareholder may revoke his or her Proxy at any time before it is voted either by filing with the Secretary of the Company, at its principal executive offices located at 120 Eagle Rock Avenue, East Hanover, New Jersey 07936, a written notice of revocation or a duly-executed Proxy bearing a later date or by attending the Annual Meeting and voting in person.
Voting Procedures and Vote Required
The presence, in person or by proxy, of at least 50% of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting is necessary to establish a quorum for the transaction of business. Shares represented by proxies which contain an abstention, as well as "broker non-vote" shares (described below) are counted as present for purposes of determining the presence or absence of a quorum for the Annual Meeting.
All properly executed proxies delivered pursuant to this solicitation and not revoked will be voted at the Annual Meeting as specified in such proxies.
Vote Required for Election of Directors (Proposal No. 1). Our Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, does not authorize cumulative voting. Delaware law provides that directors are to be elected by a plurality of the votes of the shares present in person or represented by proxy at the Annual Meeting and entitled to vote on the election of directors. This means that the four (4) candidates receiving the highest number of affirmative votes at the Annual Meeting will be elected as directors. Only shares that are voted in favor of a particular nominee will be counted toward that nominee's achievement of a plurality. Shares present at the Annual Meeting that are not voted for a particular nominee or shares present by proxy where the shareholder properly withheld authority to vote for such nominee will not be counted toward that nominee's achievement of a plurality.
Vote Required for Ratification of Auditors (Proposal No. 2). Delaware law and our Bylaws, as amended, provide that, on all matters (other than the election of directors and except to the extent otherwise required by our Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, or applicable Delaware law), the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares present, in person or by proxy, and voting on the matter, will be required for approval. Accordingly, the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares present at the Annual Meeting, in person or by proxy, and voting on the matter, will be required to ratify the Board's selection of Friedman LLP as our independent auditors for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2018.
Vote Required to Approve the Adoption of the SilverSun Technologies, Inc. 2018 Equity and Incentive Plan (Proposal No. 3). Delaware Law and our Bylaws provide that, on all matters (other than the election of directors and except to the extent otherwise required by our Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, or applicable Delaware law), the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares present, in person or by proxy, and voting on the matter, will be required for approval. Accordingly, the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares present at the Annual Meeting, in person or by proxy, and voting on the matter, will be required to approve the SilverSun Technologies, Inc. Equity and Incentive Plan.
If you hold shares beneficially in street name and do not provide your broker with voting instructions, your shares may constitute "broker non-votes." Generally, broker non-votes occur on a matter when a broker is not permitted to vote on that matter without instructions from the beneficial owner and instructions are not given. Brokers that have not received voting instructions from their clients cannot vote on their clients' behalf on "non-routine" proposals. Broker non-votes are counted for the purposes of obtaining a quorum for the Annual Meeting, and in tabulating the voting result for any particular proposal, shares that constitute broker non-votes are not considered entitled to vote. The vote on Proposal No. 1 is considered "non-routine," the vote on Proposal No. 2 is considered "routine". Abstentions are counted as "shares present" at the Annual Meeting for purposes of determining the presence of a quorum but are not counted in the calculation of the vote.
Votes at the Annual Meeting will be tabulated by one or more inspectors of election appointed by the Chairman of the Board.
Shareholders will not be entitled to dissenter's rights with respect to any matter to be considered at the Annual Meeting.
Shareholders List
For a period of at least ten days prior to the Annual Meeting, a complete list of shareholders entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting will be available at the principal executive offices of the Company located at 120 Eagle Rock Avenue, East Hanover, NJ  07936 so that shareholders of record may inspect the list only for proper purposes.
Expenses of Solicitation
The Company will pay the cost of preparing, assembling and mailing this proxy-soliciting material, and all costs of solicitation, including certain expenses of brokers and nominees who mail proxy material to their customers or principals.
SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
The following table sets forth, as of the Record Date, information regarding beneficial ownership of our capital stock by:
[BEGIN TABLE]
● Each person, or group of affiliated persons, known by us to beneficially own more than 5% of our Common Stock;  
● Each of our named executive officers;  
● Each of our directors; and  
● All of our current executive officers and directors as a group.  
[END TABLE]
Beneficial ownership is determined according to the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") and generally means that a person has beneficial ownership of a security if he, she or it possesses sole or shared voting or investment power of that security, including options that are currently exercisable or exercisable within sixty (60) days of the Record Date. Except as indicated by the footnotes below, we believe, based on the information furnished to us, that the persons named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of Common Stock shown that they beneficially own, subject to community property laws where applicable.
Common Stock subject to stock options currently exercisable or exercisable within sixty (60) days of the Record Date are deemed to be outstanding for computing the percentage ownership of the person holding these options and the percentage ownership of any group of which the holder is a member but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of any other person.
Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each beneficial owner listed in the table below is c/o SilverSun Technologies, Inc., 120 Eagle Rock Avenue, East Hanover, NJ  07936.
[BEGIN TABLE]
     Number of Shares of Common Stock Beneficially Owned       Percentage of Ownership of Common Stock (1)       Outstanding Preferred Stock       Percentage Ownership of Preferred Stock (3)    
     Number of Shares of Common Stock Beneficially Owned       Percentage of Ownership of Common Stock (1)       Outstanding Preferred Stock       Percentage Ownership of Preferred Stock (3)    
     Number of Shares of Common Stock Beneficially Owned       Percentage of Ownership of Common Stock (1)       Outstanding Preferred Stock       Percentage Ownership of Preferred Stock (3)    
 Officers and Directors                                  
 Mark Meller Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman (3)      2,006,534       44.58%      1       100%  
 Mark Meller Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman (3)      2,006,534       44.58%      1       100%  
 Crandall Melvin III Chief Financial Officer      74,589       1.66%      -       -   
 Joseph Macaluso Director      3,333       *       -       -   
 Stanley Wunderlich Director      23,334       *       -       -   
 Stanley Wunderlich Director      23,334       *       -       -   
 John Schachtel                                  
 Director      10,988       *       -       -   
 Officers and Directors as a Group (4 persons)      2,118,778       47.08%      1       100%  
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
     *         denotes less than 1%  
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
 (1)   Based on 4,500,755 shares of Common Stock outstanding as of November 5, 2018. Shares of Common Stock subject to options or warrants currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days, are deemed outstanding for purposes of computing the percentage of the person holding such options or warrants, but are not deemed outstanding for purposes of computing the percentage of any other person.  
 (2)   Mr. Roth is a former employee of SWK Technologies, Inc, a wholly-owned subsidiary of SilverSun Technologies, Inc.  
 (3)   On July 28, 2016 the Company entered into a Series B Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement with the Company's Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Mark Meller, pursuant to which Mr. Meller was issued the only share of the Company's authorized but unissued Series B Preferred Stock. Mr. Meller was issued one (1) share of Series B Preferred Stock for (i) $100 in cash and (ii) as partial consideration for Mr. Meller's personal guarantee of the Revolving Demand Note. One (1) share of the Series B Preferred Stock has voting rights equal to (x) the total issued and outstanding Common Stock eligible to vote at the time of the respective vote divided by (y) forty-nine one-hundredths (0.49) minus (z) the total issued and outstanding Common Stock eligible to vote at the time of the respective vote.  For the avoidance of doubt, if the total issued and outstanding Common Stock eligible to vote at the time of the respective vote is 5,000,000, the voting rights of the Series B Preferred Stock shall be equal to 5,204,082 (e.g. (5,000,000 / 0.49) – 5,000,000 = 5,204,082). The Series B Preferred Stock has the rights, privileges, preferences and restrictions set for in the Certificate of Designation filed by the Corporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on September 23, 2011.  
[END TABLE]
PROPOSAL NO. 1
ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
The Company's Board of Directors is currently comprised of four authorized directors. A total of four directors will be elected at the Annual Meeting to serve until the next annual meeting of shareholders to be held in 2019, or until their successors are duly elected and qualified. Of the Board members whose term expires at the Annual Meeting, Mark Meller, Joseph P. Macaluso, John Schachtel and Stanley Wunderlich are all standing for reelection. The persons named as "Proxies" in the enclosed Proxy will vote the shares represented by all valid returned proxies in accordance with the specifications of the shareholders returning such proxies. If no choice has been specified by a shareholder, the shares will be voted FOR the nominees. If at the time of the Annual Meeting any of the nominees named below should be unable or unwilling to serve, which event is not expected to occur, the discretionary authority provided in the Proxy will be exercised to vote for such substitute nominee or nominees, if any, as shall be designated by the Board of Directors. If a quorum is present and voting, the nominees for directors receiving the highest number of votes will be elected. Abstentions and broker non-votes will have no effect on the vote.
NOMINEES FOR ELECTION AS DIRECTOR
Nominees
The persons nominated as directors are as follows:
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Name       Age           Position with the   			Company/Independence       New Board Term Expires      
 Mark Meller       59           Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman       2019      
 Joseph P. Macaluso       67           Independent/Chairman of Audit Committee       2019      
 Stanley Wunderlich       67           Independent/ Chairman of Nominating and Governance Committee       2019      
 John Schachtel       57           Independent/Chairman of Compensation Committee       2019      
[END TABLE]
The following sets forth certain information about each of the director nominees:
Mark Meller, Chief Executive Officer, President, Director
Mr. Mark Meller has been the President and Director of the Company since September 15, 2003, and was further appointed Chief Executive Officer on September 1, 2004. He became Chairman of the Board on May 10, 2009. From September 2003 through January 2015, he was Chief Financial Officer of the Company. From October 2004 until February 2007, Mr. Meller was the President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director of Deep Field Technologies, Inc. From December 15, 2004 until September 2009, Mr. Meller was the President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director of MM2 Group, Inc. From August 29, 2005 until August 2006, Mr. Meller was the President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of iVoice Technology, Inc. From 1988 until 2003, Mr. Meller was Chief Executive Officer of Bristol Townsend and Co., Inc., a New Jersey based consulting firm providing merger and acquisition advisory services to middle market companies. From 1986 to 1988, Mr. Meller was Vice President of Corporate Finance and General Counsel of Crown Capital Group, Inc, a New Jersey based consulting firm providing advisory services for middle market leveraged buy-outs (LBO's). Prior to 1986, Mr. Meller was a financial consultant and practiced law in New York City. He is a member of the New York State Bar.
Mr. Meller has a B.A. from the State University of New York at Binghamton and a J.D. from the Boston University School of Law.
In evaluating Mr. Meller's specific experience, qualifications, attributes and skills in connection with his appointment to our board, we took into account his experience in the industry and his knowledge of running and managing the Company.
Joseph Macaluso, Director
Mr. Joseph Macaluso has been a member of the Board since January 2015. Mr. Macaluso has over 30 years of experience in financial management. Mr. Macaluso has been the Principal Accounting Officer of Tel-Instrument Electronics Corp., a developer and manufacturer of avionics test equipment for both the commercial and military markets since 2002. Previously, he had been involved in companies in the medical device and technology industries holding positions including Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Controller. He has a B.S. in Accounting from Fairfield University.
In evaluating Mr. Macaluso's specific experience, qualifications, attributes and skills in connection with his appointment to Board, we took into account his expertise in general management, finance, corporate governance and strategic planning, as well as his experience in operations and mergers and acquisitions.
Stanley Wunderlich, Director
Mr. Stanley Wunderlich has been a member of the Board since July 2011. Mr. Wunderlich has over 40 years of experience on Wall Street as a business owner and consultant. Mr. Wunderlich is a founding partner and has been Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Consulting for Strategic Growth 1, Ltd., specializing in investor and media relations and the formation of capital for early-growth stage companies both domestic and international, from 2000 through the present.
Mr. Wunderlich has a Bachelor's degree from Brooklyn College. 
In evaluating Mr. Wunderlich's experience, qualifications, attributes and skills in connection with his appointment to our Board, we took into account his experience in finance and investor relations.
John Schachtel, Director
On March 27, 2017, Mr. Schachtel was appointed to the Board. Before joining the Board, Mr. Schachtel was the Chief Operating Officer of OneMain Finanacial Holdings, Inc. As Chief Operating Officer of OneMain Finanacial Holdings, Inc., Mr. Schachtel's responsibilities included oversight of sales and field operations, marketing, and centralized collections. Prior to assuming the Chief Operating Officer role, Mr. Schachtel served 11 years as the Executive Vice President, Northeast & Midwest Division for OneMain Finanacial Holdings, Inc. He holds a Bachelor of Science degree from Northwestern University and an MBA in Finance from New York University.
Required Vote
Our Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, does not authorize cumulative voting. Delaware law provides that directors are to be elected by a plurality of the votes of the shares present in person or represented by proxy at the Annual Meeting and entitled to vote on the election of directors. This means that the four (4) candidates receiving the highest number of affirmative votes at the Annual Meeting will be elected as directors. Only shares that are voted in favor of a particular nominee will be counted toward that nominee's achievement of a plurality. Shares present at the Annual Meeting that are not voted for a particular nominee or shares present by proxy where the shareholder properly withheld authority to vote for such nominee will not be counted toward that nominee's achievement of a plurality.
At the Annual Meeting a vote will be taken on a proposal to approve the election of the four (4) director nominees.
RECOMMENDATION OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS:
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE "FOR" THE ELECTION OF (I) MARK MELLER, (II) JOSEPH P. MACALUSO, (III) STANLEY WUNDERLICH AND (IV) JOHN SCHACHTEL AS DIRECTORS.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Board of Directors
The Board oversees our business affairs and monitors the performance of our management. In accordance with our corporate governance principles, the Board does not involve itself in day-to-day operations. The directors keep themselves informed through discussions with the Chief Executive Officer, other key executives, and by reading the reports and other materials sent to them and by participating in Board and committee meetings. Our directors hold office until the next annual meeting of shareholders and until their successors are elected and qualified or until their earlier resignation or removal, or if for some other reason they are unable to serve in the capacity of director.
 Director Independence
The Board currently consists of four (4) members: Mark Meller, Joseph P. Macaluso, Stanley Wunderlich and John Schachtel. All of our directors will serve until our Annual Meeting and until their successors are duly elected and qualified.
As we are listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market, our determination of independence of directors is made using the definition of "independent director" contained in Rule 5605(a)(2) of the Marketplace Rules of the NASDAQ Stock Market. The board affirmatively determined that Joseph P. Macaluso, Stanley Wunderlich and John Schachtel are "independent" directors, as that term is defined in the NASDAQ Stock Market Rules.
Board Meetings and Attendance
The Board held 4 in person meetings in 2017.  All Board actions were taken via a unanimous written consent as permitted by Delaware General Corporate Law.
Stockholder Communications with the Board
Shareholders wishing to communicate with the Board, the non-management directors, or with an individual Board member may do so by writing to the Board, to the non-management directors, or to the particular Board member, and mailing the correspondence to: c/o Mark Meller, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman SilverSun Technologies, Inc. 120 Eagle Rock Avenue, East Hanover, New Jersey 07936. The envelope should indicate that it contains a shareholder communication. All such shareholder communications will be forwarded to the director or directors to whom the communications are addressed.
Board Committees
Our Board of Directors has three (3) standing committees: an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee and a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Each committee has a charter, which is available on our website at www.silversuntech.com. Information contained on our website is not incorporated herein by reference. Each of the board committees has the composition and responsibilities described below. The members of these committees are:
Current Committee Composition
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Audit Committee       Compensation Committee       Nominating and Corporate   			Governance Committee  
 Joseph P. Macaluso*       Joseph P. Macaluso       Joseph P. Macaluso  
 Stanley Wunderlich       Stanley Wunderlich       Stanley Wunderlich*  
 John Schachtel       John Schachtel*       John Schachtel  
[END TABLE]
* Denotes Chairman of committee.
Committee Composition after the Annual Meeting†
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Audit Committee       Compensation Committee       Nominating and Corporate   			Governance Committee  
 Joseph P. Macaluso*       Joseph P. Macaluso       Joseph P. Macaluso  
 Stanley Wunderlich       Stanley Wunderlich       Stanley Wunderlich  
 John Schachtel       John Schachtel*       John Schachtel*  
[END TABLE]
†Assumes the election of Joseph P. Macaluso, Stanley Wunderlich and John Schachtel, who have each been appointed to committees by resolution of the Board effective upon their election to the Board.
* Denotes Chairman of committee subject to election to the Board at the Annual Meeting.
Audit Committee
We have an Audit Committee established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act. The members of our Audit Committee are currently Joseph P. Macaluso, Stanley Wunderlich and John Schachtel. The Board has selected Joseph P. Macaluso, Stanley Wunderlich and John Schachtel to serve on the Audit Committee, subject to their election to the Board. Mr. Macaluso will serve as Chairman of the Audit Committee. Each of the current and newly appointed Audit Committee members is "independent" within the meaning of Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act and the NASDAQ Stock Market Rules. Our Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Macaluso qualifies as an "audit committee financial expert," as defined by applicable rules of the SEC.
The Audit Committee oversees our accounting and financial reporting processes and oversees the audit of our financial statements and the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. The specific functions of the Audit Committee include, but are not limited to:
[BEGIN TABLE]
● selecting and recommending to the Board the appointment of an independent registered public accounting firm and overseeing the engagement of such firm;  
● approving the fees to be paid to the independent registered public accounting firm;  
● helping to ensure the independence of the independent registered public accounting firm;  
● overseeing the integrity of our financial statements;  
● preparing an audit committee report as required by the SEC to be included in our annual proxy statement;  
● resolving any disagreements between management and the auditors regarding financial reporting;  
● reviewing with management and the independent auditors any correspondence with regulators and any published reports that raise material issues regarding the Company's accounting policies;  
● reviewing and approving all related party transactions; and  
● overseeing compliance with legal and regulatory requirements.  
[END TABLE]
The Audit Committee was formed in 2017 in connection with the Company's uplist to the NASDAQ Capital Market. In 2017, Mr. Macaluso, the current Chairman of the Company's Audit Committee, held approximately 4 telephonic meetings with the Company's Auditors.  The Company's board of directors were involved in reviewing the Company's financial statements and auditor's comments as well.
Compensation Committee
The Compensation Committee was formed on March 27, 2017. The members of our Compensation Committee are currently Joseph P. Macaluso, Stanley Wunderlich and John Schachtel. The Board has selected Joseph P. Macaluso, Stanley Wunderlich and John Schachtel to serve on the Compensation Committee, subject to their election to the Board. Mr. Schachtel will serve as Chairman of the Compensation Committee. Each of the current and newly appointed Compensation Committee members is "independent" within the meaning of the NASDAQ Stock Market Rules. In addition, each current and new member of our Compensation Committee qualifies as a "non-employee director" under Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act. Our Compensation Committee assists the Board in the discharge of its responsibilities relating to the compensation of the Board and our executive officers.
The Compensation Committee's compensation-related responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
[BEGIN TABLE]
● reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives with respect to compensation for our Chief Executive Officer;  
● reviewing, approving and recommending to our board of directors on an annual basis the evaluation process and compensation structure for our other executive officers;  
● determining the need for an the appropriateness of employment agreements and change in control agreements for each of our executive officers and any other officers recommended by the Chief Executive Officer or board of directors;  
● providing oversight of management's decisions concerning the performance and compensation of other company officers, employees, consultants and advisors;  
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
● reviewing our incentive compensation and other equity-based plans and recommending changes in such plans to our board of directors as needed, and exercising all the authority of our board of directors with respect to the administration of such plans;  
● reviewing and recommending to our board of directors the compensation of independent directors, including incentive and equity-based compensation; and  
● selecting, retaining and terminating such compensation consultants, outside counsel or other advisors as it deems necessary or appropriate.  
[END TABLE]
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee was formed on March 27, 2017. The members of our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee are currently Joseph P. Macaluso, Stanley Wunderlich and John Schachtel. The Board has selected Joseph P. Macaluso, Stanley Wunderlich and John Schachtel to serve on the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, subject to their election to the Board. Mr. Schachtel will serve as Chairman of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Each of the current and newly appointed Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee members is "independent" within the meaning of the NASDAQ Stock Market Rules. The purpose of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is to recommend to the Board nominees for election as directors and persons to be elected to fill any vacancies on the Board, develop and recommend a set of corporate governance principles and oversee the performance of the board.
The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee's responsibilities include:
[BEGIN TABLE]
● recommending to the Board nominees for election as directors at any meeting of shareholders and nominees to fill vacancies on the Board;  
● considering candidates proposed by shareholders in accordance with the requirements in the Committee charter;  
● overseeing the administration of the Company's Code of Ethics;  
● reviewing with the entire Board, on an annual basis, the requisite skills and criteria for Board candidates and the composition of the Board as a whole;  
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
● the authority to retain search firms to assist in identifying board candidates, approve the terms of the search firm's engagement and cause the Company to pay the engaged search firm's engagement fee;  
● recommending to the Board on an annual basis the directors to be appointed to each committee of the Board;  
● overseeing an annual self-evaluation of the Board and its committees to determine whether it and its committees are functioning effectively; and  
● developing and recommending to the Board a set of corporate governance guidelines applicable to the Company.  
[END TABLE]
The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee may delegate any of its responsibilities to subcommittees as it deems appropriate. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is authorized to retain independent legal and other advisors, and conduct or authorize investigations into any matter within the scope of its duties.
Family Relationships
There are no family relationships among any of our directors, director candidates or executive officers.
Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings
To the best of our knowledge, none of our directors or executive officers has, during the past ten (10) years:
[BEGIN TABLE]
● Been convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses);  
● Had any bankruptcy petition filed by or against the business or property of the person, or of any partnership, corporation or business association of which he was a general partner or executive officer, either at the time of the bankruptcy filing or within two years prior to that time;  
● Been subject to any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction or federal or state authority, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting, his involvement in any type of business, securities, futures, commodities, investment, banking, savings and loan or insurance activities, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity;  
● Been found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended or vacated;  
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
● Been the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated (not including any settlement of a civil proceeding among private litigants), relating to an alleged violation of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or  
● Been the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member.  
[END TABLE]
Except as set forth in our discussion below in "Certain Relationships and Related Transactions," none of our directors or executive officers has been involved in any transactions with us or any of our directors, executive officers, affiliates or associates which are required to be disclosed pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Commission.
Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act
Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the Company's directors, executive officers and persons who beneficially own 10% or more of a class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act to file reports of beneficial ownership and changes in beneficial ownership with the SEC. Directors, executive officers and greater than 10% stockholders are required by the rules and regulations of the SEC to furnish the Company with copies of all reports filed by them in compliance with Section 16(a).
Based solely on the Company's review of the copies of such Forms and written representations from certain reporting persons, the Company believes that all filings required to be made by the Company's Section 16(a) reporting persons during the Company's fiscal year ended December 31, 2017 were made on a timely basis with the exception of our officers, directors and greater than 10 percent beneficial owners listed in the table below:
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Name       Number of   			Late Reports       Number and Description of Transactions Not Reported on a Timely Basis  
 John Schachtel       1       1 transaction was not reported on a timely basis following the acquisition of Common Stock in the year ended December 31, 2017.  
[END TABLE]
Mr. Jeffrey Roth did not file any Section 16 filings with the SEC in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017.
Code of Ethics
The Board has adopted a Code of Business Ethics and Conduct (the "Code of Conduct") which constitutes a "code of ethics" as defined by applicable SEC rules and a "code of conduct" as defined by applicable NASDAQ rules. We require all employees, directors and officers, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, to adhere to the Code of Conduct in addressing legal and ethical issues encountered in conducting their work. The Code of Conduct requires that these individuals avoid conflicts of interest, comply with all laws and other legal requirements, conduct business in an honest and ethical manner and otherwise act with integrity. The Code of Conduct is available on our website at www.silversuntech.com. The Company will post any amendments to the Code of Conduct, as well as any waivers that are required to be disclosed by the rules of the SEC on such website. Information contained on our website is not a part of, and is not incorporated into, this proxy statement, and the inclusion of our website address in this proxy statement is an inactive textual reference only.
Director Compensation
The following sets forth the compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to the named director by us during the year ended December 31, 2017.
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Name       Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($)           Stock Awards ($)           Option Awards ($)           Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ($)           Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ($)           All Other Compensation ($)           Total ($)      
 Name       Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($)           Stock Awards ($)           Option Awards ($)           Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ($)           Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ($)           All Other Compensation ($)           Total ($)      
  Stanley Wunderlich           12,000               -               -               -               -               -               12,000        
  Joseph Macaluso           18,000               -               -               -               -               -               18,000        
  John Schachtel (1)           13,500               -               19,923               -               -               -               33,423        
[END TABLE]
The compensation provided to our "named executive officers" for 2017 and 2016 is set forth in detail in the Summary Compensation Table and other tables and the accompanying footnotes and narrative that follow this section. This section explains our executive compensation philosophy, objectives and design, our compensation-setting process, our executive compensation program components and the decisions made for compensation in respect of 2016 for each of our named executive officers.
Compensation-Setting Process/Role of Our Compensation Committee
The Compensation Committee has responsibility for the Company's compensation practices with appropriate approval and general oversight from the Board. This responsibility includes the determination of compensation levels and awards provided to the named executive officers. The Compensation Committee provides a recommendation for the performance review and any compensation adjustments to the Board for approval. Grants of equity-based compensation are approved by the Compensation Committee in accordance with the Company's stock incentive and award plan established by the Compensation Committee.
Base Salary
We provide base salary as a fixed source of compensation for our executive officers, allowing them a degree of certainty when having a meaningful portion of their compensation "at risk" in the form of equity awards covering the shares of a Company for whose shares there has been limited liquidity to date. The Board recognizes the importance of base salaries as an element of compensation that helps to attract highly qualified executive talent.
Base salaries for our executive officers were established primarily based on individual negotiations with the executive officers when they joined us and reflect the scope of their anticipated responsibilities, the individual experience they bring, the Board members' experiences and knowledge in compensating similarly situated individuals at other companies, our then-current cash constraints and a general sense of internal pay equity among our executive officers and key personnel.
The Compensation Committee does not apply specific formulas in determining base salary increases. Actual base salaries may differ from the competitive market rates target as a result of various other factors including relative depth of experience, prior individual performance and expected future contributions, internal pay equity considerations within our Company and the degree of difficulty in replacing the individual.
Summary Compensation Table
The compensation provided to our "named executive officers" for 2017 and 2016 is set forth in detail in the Summary Compensation Table and other tables and the accompanying footnotes and narrative that follow this section. This section explains our executive compensation philosophy, objectives and design, our compensation-setting process, our executive compensation program components and the decisions made for compensation in respect of 2016 for each of our named executive officers.
Our named executive officers who appear in the 2017 Summary Compensation Table are:
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Mark Meller       Chief Executive Officer and President  
 Crandall Melvin III       Chief Financial Officer  
[END TABLE]
Summary Compensation Table
The following summary compensation table sets forth all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to the named executive officers paid by us during the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016.
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Name and Position(s)     Year     Salary($)       Bonus($)       Stock Awards($)       Option Awards($)       Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation($)       Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings($)       All Other Compensation($)       Total Compensation($)  
 Mark Meller     2017    $ 640,862     $ 0     $ 0     $ 0     $ 0     $ 0     $ 0     $ 640,862   
 President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director     2016    $ 591,476     $ 0     $ 0     $ 0     $ 0     $ 0     $ 0     $ 591,476   
 President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director     2016    $ 591,476     $ 0     $ 0     $ 0     $ 0     $ 0     $ 0     $ 591,476   
 Crandall Melvin III     2017    $ 199,423     $ 0     $ 0     $ 0     $ 0     $ 0     $ 0     $ 199,423   
 Chief Financial Officer     2016    $ 181,365     $ 5,773     $ 0     $ 0     $ 0     $ 0     $ 0     $ 187,138   
[END TABLE]
Employment Agreements
Mark Meller, Chief Executive Officer
The Company's Chief Executive Officer and President has had an Employment Agreement with the Company since September 15, 2003. On February 4, 2016 (the "Effective Date"), the Company entered into an amended and restated employment agreement (the "Meller Employment Agreement") with Mark Meller, pursuant to which Mr. Meller will continue to serve as the Company's President and Chief Executive Officer.
The Meller Employment Agreement was entered into by the Company and Mr. Meller primarily to extend the term of Mr. Meller's employment.  The term of the Meller Employment Agreement is for an additional 7 years through September of 2023 (the "Term") and shall automatically renew for additional periods of one year unless otherwise terminated in accordance with the terms therein.  The Company will pay Mr. Meller an annual salary of $565,000 per annum, with a ten percent (10%) increase on September 1 and every anniversary of such date for the duration of the Term.
 The Meller Employment Agreement provides for a severance payment to Mr. Meller of three hundred percent (300%), less $100,000 of his gross income for services rendered to the Company in each of the five prior calendar years should his employment be terminated following a change in control (as defined in the Meller Employment Agreement). 
Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 2017
There were no outstanding equity awards at Fiscal Year-End 2017.
Director Agreements
On July 26, 2011, we entered into a director agreement with Stanley Wunderlich, pursuant to which Mr. Wunderlich was appointed to the Board effective July 26, 2011. On August 3, 2011 the Company entered into an amended and restated director agreement (the "Amended Agreement"). The term of the Amended Agreement is one year from August 3, 2011. The Amended Agreement may, at the option of the Board, be automatically renewed on such date that Mr. Wunderlich is re-elected to the Board. In connection with a recapitalization of the Company in 2012, Mr. Wunderlich and the Company agreed to amend the Amended Director Agreement to (i) change the Stipend to $1,000 per month, payable quarterly; (ii) to forego the issuance of any warrants due to Wunderlich under the Amended Agreement; and (iii) to cancel the future issuance of any warrants due to Mr. Wunderlich under the Amended Agreement. To date no warrants have been issued pursuant to this agreement.
On January 29, 2015, we entered into a director agreement ("Macaluso Director Agreement") with Joseph Macaluso, pursuant to which Mr. Macaluso was appointed to the Board effective January 29, 2015 (the "Effective Date"). The Macaluso Director Agreement may, at the option of the Board, be automatically renewed on such date that Mr. Macaluso is re-elected to the Board. Under the Macaluso Director Agreement, Mr. Macaluso is to be paid a stipend of one thousand five hundred dollars ($1,500) (the "Stipend") per month, payable at the end of each fiscal quarter. Additionally, Mr. Macaluso shall receive warrants (the "Warrants") to purchase such number of shares of the Company's Common Stock, as shall equal (the "Formula") (A) $20,000 divided by (B) the closing price of the Common Stock on the OTC Markets on the date of grant of the Warrant.  The exercise price of the Warrant shall be the closing price on the date of the grant of such Warrant (the "Grant Date") plus $0.01. The Warrant shall be fully vested upon receipt thereof (the "Vesting Date").
On March 27, 2017, the Company and John Schachtel entered into a director agreement (the "Schachtel Director Agreement") in connection with Mr. Schachtel's appointment to the Board.  The term of the Schachtel Director Agreement commenced on March 27, 2017, and continues through the Company's next annual stockholders' meeting (the "Term"). The Director Agreement automatically renews on such date that Mr. Schachtel is re-elected to the Board.
Pursuant to the Schachtel Director Agreement, the Company will provide Mr. Schachtel compensation of $1,000 for each month of the Term.  In addition, the Company will issue Mr. Schachtel a warrant to purchase up to 5,000 shares of the Company's Common Stock (the "Warrant").  The Warrant vests immediately and is exercisable for 5 years with an exercise price of $4.01.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.
The Company leases its North Syracuse office space from its current CFO, Crandall Melvin III which expires on May 31, 2018. The monthly rent for this office space is $2,100. Total rent paid for 2017 and 2016 was $25,200 and $25,200 respectively under this lease.
The Company leased its Seattle office space from Mary Abdian, an employee of SWK, which expired September 30, 2018, however, this lease was terminated on May 31, 2018 by mutual consent. The monthly rent for this office space was $3,090 and increased 3% each year. Total rent expense for the three and six months ended June 30, 2018 under this lease was $6,365 and $15,915 respectively as compared to $9,270 and $18,540 for the three and six months ended June 30, 2017.
COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT
Recommendations of the Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee of the Board is currently comprised of John Schachtel, Stanley Wunderlich, and Joseph Macaluso, each of whom the Board has determined to be independent. This report shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act") by virtue of any general statement in such filing incorporating the Annual Report by reference, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates the information contained in this section by reference and shall not otherwise be deemed filed under either the Securities Act or the Exchange Act.
The Compensation Committee has reviewed and discussed with management the disclosure regarding Executive Compensation contained in this proxy statement for the Annual Meeting. Based on the review and discussions, the Compensation Committee recommended to the Board that such disclosure be included in this proxy statement.
This Compensation Report has been furnished by the Compensation Committee of the Board.
John Schachtel, Chairman
Joseph Macaluso
Stanley Wunderlich
AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT
The following Report of the Audit Committee (the "Audit Report") does not constitute soliciting material and should not be deemed filed or incorporated by reference into any other Company filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except to the extent the Company specifically incorporates this Audit Report by reference therein.
Role of the Audit Committee
The Audit Committee's primary responsibilities fall into three broad categories:
First, the Audit Committee is charged with monitoring the preparation of quarterly and annual financial reports by the Company's management, including discussions with management and the Company's outside auditors about draft annual financial statements and key accounting and reporting matters.
Second, the Audit Committee is responsible for matters concerning the relationship between the Company and its outside auditors, including recommending their appointment or removal; reviewing the scope of their audit services and related fees, as well as any other services being provided to the Company; and determining whether the outside auditors are independent (based in part on the annual letter provided to the Company pursuant to Independence Standards Board Standard No. 1).
Third, the Audit Committee reviews financial reporting, policies, procedures and internal controls of the Company. The Audit Committee has implemented procedures to ensure that during the course of each fiscal year it devotes the attention that it deems necessary or appropriate to each of the matters assigned to it under the Audit Committee's charter. In overseeing the preparation of the Company's financial statements, the Audit Committee met with management and the Company's outside auditors, including meetings with the Company's outside auditors without management present, to review and discuss all financial statements prior to their issuance and to discuss significant accounting issues. Management advised the Audit Committee that all financial statements were prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and the Audit Committee discussed the statements with both management and the outside auditors. The Audit Committee's review included discussion with the outside auditors of matters required to be discussed pursuant to Statement on Auditing Standards No. 61 (Communication with Audit Committees).
With respect to the Company's outside auditors, the Audit Committee, among other things, discussed with Friedman LLP matters relating to its independence, including the disclosures made to the Audit Committee as required by the Independence Standards Board Standard No. 1 (Independence Discussions with Audit Committees).
Recommendations of the Audit Committee. In reliance on the reviews and discussions referred to above, the Audit Committee recommended to the Board that the Board approve the inclusion of the Company's audited financial statements in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017, for filing with the SEC.
This report has been furnished by the Audit Committee of the Board.
Joseph Macaluso, Chairman
Stanley Wunderlich
John Schachtel
PROPOSAL NO. 2
RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM
The Board has appointed Friedman LLP ("Friedman"), as our independent registered public accounting firm to examine the consolidated financial statements of the Company for fiscal year ending December 31, 2018. The Board seeks an indication from shareholders of their approval or disapproval of the appointment.
Friedman will audit our consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018. We anticipate that a representative of Friedman will be present by telephone at the Annual Meeting, will have the opportunity to make a statement if they desire to do so, and will be available to respond to appropriate questions.
Our consolidated financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2017 were audited by Friedman.
In the event shareholders fail to ratify the appointment of Friedman, the Board of Directors will reconsider this appointment. Even if the appointment is ratified, the Board of Directors, in its discretion, may direct the appointment of a different independent registered public accounting firm at any time during the year if the Board of Directors determines that such a change would be in the interests of the Company and its shareholders.
The following table sets forth the aggregate fees billed for each of the last two fiscal years for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for the audit of the Company's annual financial statements and review of financial statements included in the Company's quarterly reports or services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for those fiscal years.
The following table sets forth fees billed to the Company by the Company's independent auditors for (i) services rendered for the audit of the Company's annual financial statements and the review of the Company's quarterly financial statements, (ii) services rendered that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of the Company's financial statements that are not reported as Audit Fees, and (iii) services rendered in connection with tax preparation, compliance, advice and assistance.
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Services     2017       2016    
 Audit Fees    $ 90,000     $ 90,000   
 Audit - Related Fees      -       -   
 Tax fees      15,000       15,000   
 All Other Fees (a)      -       -   
 Total    $ 105,000     $ 105,000   
[END TABLE]
 All other fees include fees primarily for review and other services related to securities registration documents, assistance with other document reviews and assistance with revenue agent examination.
Prior to engaging our accountants to perform a particular service, our Audit Committee obtains an estimate for the service to be performed. All of the services described above were approved by the Audit Committee in accordance with its procedures.
Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures
The Company's Audit Committee has adopted policies and procedures that shall require the pre-approval by the Audit Committee of all fees paid to, and all services performed by, the Company's independent accounting firms. At the beginning of each year, the Audit Committee shall approve the proposed services, including the nature, type and scope of services contemplated and the related fees, to be rendered by these firms during the year. In addition, Audit Committee pre-approval is also required for those engagements that may arise during the course of the year that are outside the scope of the initial services and fees pre-approved by the Audit Committee.
The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the Company's Common Stock represented and voting at the Annual Meeting either in person or by proxy will be required for approval of this proposal. Neither abstentions nor broker non-votes shall have any effect on the outcome of this vote.
RECOMMENDATION OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS:
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS A VOTE "FOR" THE RATIFICATION OF FRIEDMAN AS THE COMPANY'S INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM.
PROPOSAL NO. 3
APPROVAL OF THE ADOPTION OF THE SILVERSUN TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
2018 EQUITY AND INCENTIVE PLAN
Shareholders are being asked to approve the SilverSun Technologies, Inc. 2018 Equity and Incentive Plan (the "2018 Plan") which was adopted by the Board on October 29, 2018, subject to shareholder approval. If approved by shareholders, the 2018 Plan will provide stock-based incentive compensation to select officers, employees, non-employee directors, consultants and service providers.
The 2018 Plan was designed by the Compensation Committee with the assistance of management as part of a comprehensive compensation strategy to provide long-term incentives for employees and non-employees to contribute to the growth of the Company and attain specific performance goals.
Approval of the 2018 Plan will allow the Company to award stock options in the form of non-qualified and incentive options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, and restricted stock units to employees and to non-employee directors, consultants and service providers. In determining the number of shares available under the 2018 Plan, we considered the historical burn-rate of the Company's previous incentive plans, and the potential dilution to shareholders. The 675,000 shares available under the 2018 Plan represent approximately 15% of the Company's outstanding Common Stock as of October 26, 2018. The NASDAQ Capital Market closing price of a share of Common Stock on October 26, 2018 was $3.55. Based on historical burn rates and our current stock price, the Compensation Committee believes the 675,000 shares that may be awarded under the 2018 Plan should be sufficient to cover grants in the coming years.
We are also seeking approval of the performance criteria under the 2018 Plan for purposes of Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, which would allow certain awards granted under the 2018 Plan to qualify as performance-based compensation (see discussion of Tax Consequences below).
The purpose of awards under the 2018 Plan (see Award Types described below) is to attract and retain talented employees and the services of select non-employees, further align employee and shareholder interests and closely link employee compensation with Company performance.
Key Terms - The following is a summary of the material features of the 2018 Plan, which is qualified by reference to the full text of the 2018 Plan, which is set forth as Appendix A:
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Eligible Participants:   Eligible participants under the 2018 Plan will be such full or part-time officers and other employees, directors, consultants and key persons of the Company and any Company subsidiary who are selected from time to time by the Board or committee of the Board authorized to administer the 2018 Plan, as applicable, in its sole discretion.  
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Shares Authorized:   675,000 shares, subject to adjustment only to reflect stock splits and similar events. Shares underlying awards that are forfeited, expire, cancelled or lapse become available for future grants.  
 Shares Authorized as a Percent of Outstanding Common Stock:   Approximately 15%.  
 Evergreen Share Reserve   The 2018 Plan contains an "evergreen" or automatic replenishment provision pursuant to which the shares of SilverSun Common Stock authorized under the 2018 Stock Incentive Plan increase on January 1st of the year following the end of this fiscal year and ending on (and including) January 1, 2028, in an amount equal to 4.0% of the total number of shares of Common Stock outstanding on December 31st of the preceding calendar year.  
 Award Types:   (1)   Non-qualified and incentive stock option—the right to purchase a certain number of shares of stock, at a certain exercise price, in the future.  
   (2)   Restricted stock—share award may be conditioned upon continued employment, the passage of time or the achievement of performance objectives.  
   (3)   Unrestricted Stock Award: Unrestricted Stock Awards may be granted in respect of past services or other valid consideration, or in lieu of cash compensation due to such grantee.  
   (4)   Restricted stock unit—the right to receive, at a specified future date, shares of Common Stock or an amount equal to the fair market value of a specified number of shares of Common Stock. Restricted stock units may be conditioned upon continued employment, the passage of time or the achievement of performance objectives. Payments in respect of restricted stock units may be made in shares, cash or a combination of both, in the Committee's discretion.  
   (5)   Stock appreciation right—the right to receive the net of the market price of a share of stock and the exercise price of the right, in stock, in the future.  
 Award Terms:   Stock options and stock appreciation rights will have a term no longer than ten years. All awards made under the 2018 Plan may be subject to vesting and other contingencies as determined by the Compensation Committee and will be evidenced by agreements which set forth the terms and conditions of each award. The Compensation Committee, in its discretion, may accelerate or extend the period for the exercise or vesting of any awards.  
 Not Permitted:   (1)   Granting stock options or stock appreciation rights at a price below fair market value on the date of grant or 110% of fair market value in the case of incentive options issued to a holder of 10% or more of the voting power of the Company.  
     (2)   Granting stock options and stock appreciation rights to any one employee during any fiscal year in excess of 135,000 shares.  
     (3)   Granting restricted stock, restricted stock units and stock bonuses to any one employee during any fiscal year in excess of 270,000 shares.  
     (4)   Granting shares of Company Stock subject to incentive awards awarded during a single fiscal year to any non-employee director, taken together with any cash fees paid to such non-employee director during the fiscal year, in excess of $250,000 in total value.  
 Performance Criteria   The Compensation Committee may grant restricted stock or restricted stock units with vesting conditions based on continuing employment (or other service relationship), achievement of pre-established performance goals and objectives which may be based on targets for revenue, revenue growth, EBITDA, net income, earnings per share and/or other such criteria as the Compensation Committee may determine. The Compensation Committee shall, within the time prescribed by Section 162(m) of the Code, define in an objective fashion the manner of calculating the performance criteria it selects to use for the performance period for a participant.  
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Clawback   Any awards and shares of stock issued pursuant to the 2018 Plan that are subject to recovery under any applicable law, government regulation or rule or listing standard of any stock exchange, will be subject to such deductions and clawback as may be required to be made pursuant to such applicable law, government regulation or rule or listing standard of any stock exchange (or any policy adopted by the Company pursuant to any such applicable law, government regulation or rule or listing standard of any stock exchange).  
[END TABLE]
Tax Consequences – Stock option grants under the 2018 Plan may be intended to qualify as incentive stock options under Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended ("IRC") §422 or may be non-qualified stock options governed by IRC §83. Generally, no federal income tax is payable by a participant upon the grant of a stock option and no deduction is taken by the Company. Under current tax laws, if a participant exercises a non-qualified stock option, he or she will have taxable income equal to the difference between the market price of the stock on the exercise date and the stock option grant price. The Company will be entitled to a corresponding deduction on its income tax return. A participant will have no taxable income upon exercising an incentive stock option if the shares received are held for the applicable holding periods (except that alternative minimum tax may apply), and the Company will receive no deduction when an incentive stock option is exercised. The Company may be entitled to a deduction in the case of a disposition of shares acquired under an incentive stock option that occurs before the applicable holding periods have been satisfied.
Restricted stock and restricted stock units are also governed by IRC §83. Generally, no taxes are due when the award is made. Restricted stock generally becomes taxable when it is no longer subject to a "substantial risk of forfeiture" (i.e., becomes vested or transferable). Restricted stock units become taxable when settled. When taxable to the participant, income tax is paid on the value of the stock or units at ordinary rates. The Company will generally be entitled to a corresponding deduction on its income tax return. Any additional gain on shares received are then taxed at capital gains rates when the shares are sold.
The grant of a stock appreciation right will not result in income for the participant or in a tax deduction for the Company. Upon the settlement of such a right, the participant will recognize ordinary income equal to the aggregate value of the payment received, and the Company generally will be entitled to a tax deduction in the same amount.
Awards granted under the 2018 Plan may qualify as "performance-based compensation" under IRC §162(m) and thus preserve federal income tax deductions by the Company with respect to annual compensation required to be taken into account under §162(m) that is in excess of $1 million and paid to one of the Company's most highly compensated executive officers. To qualify, options and other awards must be granted under the 2018 Plan by a committee consisting of two or more "outside directors" (as defined under §162(m)) and options and stock appreciation rights must satisfy the 2018 Plan's limit on the total number of shares that may be awarded to any one participant during any fiscal year. In addition, for awards other than options and stock appreciation rights to qualify, the grant, issuance, vesting or retention of the award must be contingent upon satisfying one or more of the performance criteria, as established and certified by a committee consisting solely of two or more "outside directors." Certain awards that may be made under the 2018 Plan may not qualify as performance based compensation and that performance-based compensation awards that are intended to be exempt from the deduction limitation may not meet the requirements to qualify for such exemption.
The foregoing is only a summary of the effect of federal income taxation on the participant and the Company under the 2018 Plan. It does not purport to be complete and does not discuss the tax consequences arising in the context of a participant's death or the income tax laws of any municipality, state or foreign country in which the participant's income may be taxable.
Transferability – Unrestricted stock awarded under the 2018 Plan may be transferred by the recipient. Restricted stock, stock options, stock appreciation rights and, prior to exercise, the shares issuable upon exercise of such awards granted under the 2018 Plan generally are not transferable except by will or the laws of descent and distribution.
Administration - The Compensation Committee of the Board will initially administer the 2018 Plan. The Compensation Committee will recommend to the Board the employees and non-employees who receive awards, the number of shares covered thereby, and, subject to the terms and limitations expressly set forth in the 2018 Plan, the terms, conditions and other provisions of the grants.
Amendments - The Board may, at any time, suspend or terminate the 2018 Plan or revise or amend it in any respect whatsoever; provided, however, that shareholder approval shall be required if and to the extent required by Exchange Act Rule 16b-3 or by any comparable or successor exemption under which the Board believes it is appropriate for the 2018 Plan to qualify, or if and to the extent the Board determines that such approval is appropriate for purposes of satisfying IRC §162(m), §422 or §409A or any applicable rule or listing standard of any stock exchange, automated quotation system or similar organization. Nothing in the 2018 Plan restricts the Compensation Committee's ability to exercise its discretionary authority to administer the 2018 Plan, which discretion may be exercised without amendment to the 2018 Plan. No action may, without the consent of a participant, reduce the participant's rights under any outstanding award.
THE BOARD UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS A VOTE "FOR" THE APPROVAL OF THE ADOPTION OF THE SILVERSUN TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 2018 EQUITY AND INCENTIVE PLAN.
FUTURE SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS
The Board has not yet determined the date on which the next Annual Meeting of shareholders will be held. Shareholders may submit proposals on matters appropriate for shareholder action at annual meetings in accordance with the rules and regulations adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission. Any proposal which an eligible shareholder desires to have included in our proxy statement and presented at the next Annual Meeting of Shareholders will be included in our proxy statement and related proxy card if it is received by us a reasonable time before we begin to print and send our proxy materials and if it complies with Securities and Exchange Commission rules regarding inclusion of proposals in proxy statements. In order to avoid controversy as to the date on which we receive a proposal, it is suggested that any shareholder who wishes to submit a proposal submit such proposal by certified mail, return receipt requested. Notices should be directed to: SilverSun Technologies, Inc., 120 Eagle Rock Ave., East Hanover, NJ 07936, Attention: Secretary.
Other deadlines apply to the submission of shareholder proposals for the next Annual Meeting that are not required to be included in our proxy statement under Securities and Exchange Commission rules. With respect to these shareholder proposals for the next Annual Meeting, a shareholder's notice must be received by us a reasonable time before we begin to print and send our proxy materials. The form of proxy distributed by the Board of Directors for such meeting will confer discretionary authority to vote on any such proposal not received by such date. If any such proposal is received by such date, the proxy statement for the meeting will provide advice on the nature of the matter and how we intend to exercise our discretion to vote on each such matter if it is presented at that meeting.
AVAILABILITY OF ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K AND HOUSEHOLDING
A copy of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with the SEC is available upon written request and without charge to shareholders by writing to the Company at 120 Eagle Rock Avenue, East Hanover, New Jersey 07936 or by calling telephone number (973) 396-1720.
In certain cases, only one Proxy Statement may be delivered to multiple shareholders sharing an address unless the Company has received contrary instructions from one or more of the shareholders at that address. The Company will undertake to deliver promptly upon written or oral request a separate copy of the Proxy Statement, as applicable, to a shareholder at a shared address to which a single copy of such documents was delivered. Such request should also be directed to Chief Executive Officer, SilverSun Technologies, Inc., at the address or telephone number indicated in the previous paragraph. In addition, shareholders sharing an address can request delivery of a single copy of Proxy Statements if they are receiving multiple copies of Proxy Statements by directing such request to the same mailing address.
OTHER BUSINESS
We have not received notice of and do not expect any matters to be presented for vote at the Annual Meeting, other than the proposals described in this Proxy Statement. If you grant a proxy, the person named as proxy holder, Mark Meller, or their nominees or substitutes, will have the discretion to vote your shares on any additional matters properly presented for a vote at the Annual Meeting. If for any unforeseen reason, any of our nominees are not available as a candidate for director, the proxy holder will vote your proxy for such other candidate or candidates nominated by our Board.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
We are subject to the information and reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and in accordance therewith, we file periodic reports, documents and other information with the SEC relating to our business, financial statements and other matters. Such reports and other information may be inspected and are available for copying at the offices of the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549 or may be accessed at www.sec.gov. Information regarding the operation of the public reference rooms may be obtained by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. You are encouraged to review our Annual Report on Form 10-K, together with any subsequent information we filed or will file with the SEC and other publicly available information.
OTHER MATTERS
We have not received notice of and do not expect any matters to be presented for vote at the Annual Meeting, other than the proposals described in this Proxy Statement. If you grant a proxy, the person named as proxy holder, Mark Meller, or their nominees or substitutes, will have the discretion to vote your shares on any additional matters properly presented for a vote at the Annual Meeting. If for any unforeseen reason, any of our nominees are not available as a candidate for director, the proxy holder will vote your proxy for such other candidate or candidates nominated by our Board.
*************
It is important that the proxies be returned promptly and that your shares be represented. Stockholders are urged to mark, date, execute and promptly return the accompanying proxy card.
[BEGIN TABLE]
 November 1, 2018   By Order of the Board of Directors,  
     /s/ Mark Meller  
     Mark Meller  
     Chairman  
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
     SILVERSUN TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 120 EAGLE ROCK AVENUE, SUITE 30 EAST HANOVER, NEW JERSEY 07936 UNITED STATES                       VOTE BY INTERNET - www.proxyvote.com Use the Internet to transmit your voting instructions and for electronic delivery of information. Vote by 11:59 P.M. ET on 12/13/2018. Have your proxy card in hand when you access the web site and follow the instructions to obtain your records and to create an electronic voting instruction form.   ELECTRONIC DELIVERY OF FUTURE PROXY MATERIALS If you would like to reduce the costs incurred by our company in mailing proxy materials, you can consent to receiving all future proxy statements, proxy cards and annual reports electronically via e-mail or the Internet. To sign up for electronic delivery, please follow the instructions above to vote using the Internet and, when prompted, indicate that you agree to receive or access proxy materials electronically in future years.   VOTE BY PHONE - 1-800-690-6903 Use any touch-tone telephone to transmit your voting instructions. Vote by 11:59 P.M. ET on 12/13/2018. Have your proxy card in hand when you call and then follow the instructions.   VOTE BY MAIL Mark, sign and date your proxy card and return it in the postage-paid envelope we have provided or return it to Vote Processing, c/o Broadridge, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, NY 11717.     
     SILVERSUN TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 120 EAGLE ROCK AVENUE, SUITE 30 EAST HANOVER, NEW JERSEY 07936 UNITED STATES                       VOTE BY INTERNET - www.proxyvote.com Use the Internet to transmit your voting instructions and for electronic delivery of information. Vote by 11:59 P.M. ET on 12/13/2018. Have your proxy card in hand when you access the web site and follow the instructions to obtain your records and to create an electronic voting instruction form.   ELECTRONIC DELIVERY OF FUTURE PROXY MATERIALS If you would like to reduce the costs incurred by our company in mailing proxy materials, you can consent to receiving all future proxy statements, proxy cards and annual reports electronically via e-mail or the Internet. To sign up for electronic delivery, please follow the instructions above to vote using the Internet and, when prompted, indicate that you agree to receive or access proxy materials electronically in future years.   VOTE BY PHONE - 1-800-690-6903 Use any touch-tone telephone to transmit your voting instructions. Vote by 11:59 P.M. ET on 12/13/2018. Have your proxy card in hand when you call and then follow the instructions.   VOTE BY MAIL Mark, sign and date your proxy card and return it in the postage-paid envelope we have provided or return it to Vote Processing, c/o Broadridge, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, NY 11717.     
     SILVERSUN TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 120 EAGLE ROCK AVENUE, SUITE 30 EAST HANOVER, NEW JERSEY 07936 UNITED STATES                       VOTE BY INTERNET - www.proxyvote.com Use the Internet to transmit your voting instructions and for electronic delivery of information. Vote by 11:59 P.M. ET on 12/13/2018. Have your proxy card in hand when you access the web site and follow the instructions to obtain your records and to create an electronic voting instruction form.   ELECTRONIC DELIVERY OF FUTURE PROXY MATERIALS If you would like to reduce the costs incurred by our company in mailing proxy materials, you can consent to receiving all future proxy statements, proxy cards and annual reports electronically via e-mail or the Internet. To sign up for electronic delivery, please follow the instructions above to vote using the Internet and, when prompted, indicate that you agree to receive or access proxy materials electronically in future years.   VOTE BY PHONE - 1-800-690-6903 Use any touch-tone telephone to transmit your voting instructions. Vote by 11:59 P.M. ET on 12/13/2018. Have your proxy card in hand when you call and then follow the instructions.   VOTE BY MAIL Mark, sign and date your proxy card and return it in the postage-paid envelope we have provided or return it to Vote Processing, c/o Broadridge, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, NY 11717.     
     SILVERSUN TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 120 EAGLE ROCK AVENUE, SUITE 30 EAST HANOVER, NEW JERSEY 07936 UNITED STATES                       VOTE BY INTERNET - www.proxyvote.com Use the Internet to transmit your voting instructions and for electronic delivery of information. Vote by 11:59 P.M. ET on 12/13/2018. Have your proxy card in hand when you access the web site and follow the instructions to obtain your records and to create an electronic voting instruction form.   ELECTRONIC DELIVERY OF FUTURE PROXY MATERIALS If you would like to reduce the costs incurred by our company in mailing proxy materials, you can consent to receiving all future proxy statements, proxy cards and annual reports electronically via e-mail or the Internet. To sign up for electronic delivery, please follow the instructions above to vote using the Internet and, when prompted, indicate that you agree to receive or access proxy materials electronically in future years.   VOTE BY PHONE - 1-800-690-6903 Use any touch-tone telephone to transmit your voting instructions. Vote by 11:59 P.M. ET on 12/13/2018. Have your proxy card in hand when you call and then follow the instructions.   VOTE BY MAIL Mark, sign and date your proxy card and return it in the postage-paid envelope we have provided or return it to Vote Processing, c/o Broadridge, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, NY 11717.     
     SILVERSUN TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 120 EAGLE ROCK AVENUE, SUITE 30 EAST HANOVER, NEW JERSEY 07936 UNITED STATES                       VOTE BY INTERNET - www.proxyvote.com Use the Internet to transmit your voting instructions and for electronic delivery of information. Vote by 11:59 P.M. ET on 12/13/2018. Have your proxy card in hand when you access the web site and follow the instructions to obtain your records and to create an electronic voting instruction form.   ELECTRONIC DELIVERY OF FUTURE PROXY MATERIALS If you would like to reduce the costs incurred by our company in mailing proxy materials, you can consent to receiving all future proxy statements, proxy cards and annual reports electronically via e-mail or the Internet. To sign up for electronic delivery, please follow the instructions above to vote using the Internet and, when prompted, indicate that you agree to receive or access proxy materials electronically in future years.   VOTE BY PHONE - 1-800-690-6903 Use any touch-tone telephone to transmit your voting instructions. Vote by 11:59 P.M. ET on 12/13/2018. Have your proxy card in hand when you call and then follow the instructions.   VOTE BY MAIL Mark, sign and date your proxy card and return it in the postage-paid envelope we have provided or return it to Vote Processing, c/o Broadridge, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, NY 11717.     
     SILVERSUN TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 120 EAGLE ROCK AVENUE, SUITE 30 EAST HANOVER, NEW JERSEY 07936 UNITED STATES                       VOTE BY INTERNET - www.proxyvote.com Use the Internet to transmit your voting instructions and for electronic delivery of information. Vote by 11:59 P.M. ET on 12/13/2018. Have your proxy card in hand when you access the web site and follow the instructions to obtain your records and to create an electronic voting instruction form.   ELECTRONIC DELIVERY OF FUTURE PROXY MATERIALS If you would like to reduce the costs incurred by our company in mailing proxy materials, you can consent to receiving all future proxy statements, proxy cards and annual reports electronically via e-mail or the Internet. To sign up for electronic delivery, please follow the instructions above to vote using the Internet and, when prompted, indicate that you agree to receive or access proxy materials electronically in future years.   VOTE BY PHONE - 1-800-690-6903 Use any touch-tone telephone to transmit your voting instructions. Vote by 11:59 P.M. ET on 12/13/2018. Have your proxy card in hand when you call and then follow the instructions.   VOTE BY MAIL Mark, sign and date your proxy card and return it in the postage-paid envelope we have provided or return it to Vote Processing, c/o Broadridge, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, NY 11717.     
     SILVERSUN TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 120 EAGLE ROCK AVENUE, SUITE 30 EAST HANOVER, NEW JERSEY 07936 UNITED STATES                       VOTE BY INTERNET - www.proxyvote.com Use the Internet to transmit your voting instructions and for electronic delivery of information. Vote by 11:59 P.M. ET on 12/13/2018. Have your proxy card in hand when you access the web site and follow the instructions to obtain your records and to create an electronic voting instruction form.   ELECTRONIC DELIVERY OF FUTURE PROXY MATERIALS If you would like to reduce the costs incurred by our company in mailing proxy materials, you can consent to receiving all future proxy statements, proxy cards and annual reports electronically via e-mail or the Internet. To sign up for electronic delivery, please follow the instructions above to vote using the Internet and, when prompted, indicate that you agree to receive or access proxy materials electronically in future years.   VOTE BY PHONE - 1-800-690-6903 Use any touch-tone telephone to transmit your voting instructions. Vote by 11:59 P.M. ET on 12/13/2018. Have your proxy card in hand when you call and then follow the instructions.   VOTE BY MAIL Mark, sign and date your proxy card and return it in the postage-paid envelope we have provided or return it to Vote Processing, c/o Broadridge, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, NY 11717.     
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
 TO VOTE, MARK BLOCKS BELOW IN BLUE OR BLACK INK AS FOLLOWS:  ☒       KEEP THIS PORTION FOR YOUR RECORDS  
     DETACH AND RETURN THIS PORTION ONLY  
[END TABLE]
THIS PROXY CARD IS VALID ONLY WHEN SIGNED AND DATED.
[BEGIN TABLE]
     For   Against   Abstain    For Against Abstain 
 1a.   Mark Meller   ☐   ☐   ☐  3. To approve the adoption of the SilverSun ☐ ☐ ☐ 
                 Technologies, Inc. 2018 Equity and Incentive Plan;       
 1b.   Joseph Macaluso   ☐   ☐   ☐          
 1c.   Stanley Wunderlich   ☐   ☐   ☐  NOTE: Such other business as may properly come before the meeting or any adjournment thereof.       
 1d.   John Schachtel   ☐   ☐   ☐          
 The Board of Directors recommends a vote "FOR"                      
 proposals 2 and 3.   For   Against   Abstain          
 2.    To ratify the appointment of Friedman LLP as   ☐   ☐   ☐          
 2018; and                      
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Signature [PLEASE SIGN WITHIN BOX]   Date               Signature (Joint Owners)   Date      
[END TABLE]
SILVERSUN TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
Annual Meeting of Shareholders 
December 14, 2018 10:00 AM
This proxy is solicited by the Board of Directors
The undersigned hereby appoints Mark Meller, Chief Executive Officer of SilverSun Technologies, Inc., as Proxy with full power of substitution to vote all the shares of Common Stock which the undersigned would be entitled to vote if personally present at the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on December 14, 2018, at 10 A.M. EST at 120 Eagle Rock Avenue, East Hanover, NJ 07936 or at any postponement or adjournment thereof, and upon any and all matters which may properly be brought before the Annual Meeting or any postponement or adjournments thereof, hereby revoking all former proxies.
This proxy, when properly executed, will be voted in the manner directed herein. If no such direction is made, this proxy will be voted in accordance with the Board of Directors' recommendations.
(If you noted any Address Changes and/or Comments above, please mark corresponding box on the reverse side.)
Continued and to be signed on reverse side
Appendix A
SILVERSUN TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
2018 EQUITY AND INCENTIVE PLAN
SECTION 1. GENERAL PURPOSE OF THE PLAN: DEFINITIONS
The name of the plan is the SILVERSUN TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 2018 EQUITY AND INCENTIVE PLAN (the "Plan"). The purpose of the Plan is to encourage, retain and enable the officers, employees, directors, Consultants and other key persons of SILVERSUN TECHNOLOGIES, INC., a Delaware corporation (including any successor entity, the "Company") and its Subsidiaries, upon whose judgment, initiative and efforts the Company largely depends for the successful conduct of its business, to acquire a proprietary interest in the Company.
The following terms shall be defined as set forth below:
"Affiliate" of any Person means a Person that directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by or is under common control with the first mentioned Person. A Person shall be deemed to control another Person if such first Person possesses directly or indirectly the power to direct, or cause the direction of, the management and policies of the second Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.
"Award" or "Awards," except where referring to a particular category of grant under the Plan, shall include Incentive Stock Options, Non-Qualified Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights ("SAR"), Restricted Stock Awards (including preferred stock), Unrestricted Stock Awards, Restricted Stock Units or any combination of the foregoing.
"Award Agreement" means a written or electronic agreement setting forth the terms and provisions applicable to an Award granted under the Plan. Each Award Agreement may contain terms and conditions in addition to those set forth in the Plan; provided, however, in the event of any conflict in the terms of the Plan and the Award Agreement, the terms of the Plan shall govern.
"Board" means the Board of Directors of the Company.
"Cause" shall have the meaning as set forth in the Award Agreement(s). In the case that any Award Agreement does not contain a definition of "Cause," it shall mean (i) the grantee's dishonest statements or acts with respect to the Company or any Affiliate of the Company, or any current or prospective customers, suppliers vendors or other third parties with which such entity does business; (ii) the grantee's commission of (A) a felony or (B) any misdemeanor involving moral turpitude, deceit, dishonesty or fraud; (iii) the grantee's failure to perform his assigned duties and responsibilities to the reasonable satisfaction of the Company which failure continues, in the reasonable judgment of the Company, after written notice given to the grantee by the Company; (iv) the grantee's gross negligence, willful misconduct or insubordination with respect to the Company or any Affiliate of the Company; or (v) the grantee's material violation of any provision of any agreement(s) between the grantee and the Company relating to noncompetition, nonsolicitation, nondisclosure and/or assignment of inventions.
"Chief Executive Officer" means the Chief Executive Officer of the Company or, if there is no Chief Executive Officer, then the President of the Company.
"Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and any successor Code, and related rules, regulations and interpretations.
"Committee" means the Committee of the Board referred to in Section 2.
"Consultant" means any entity or natural person that provides bona fide services to the Company (including a Subsidiary), and such services are not in connection with the offer or sale of securities in a capital-raising transaction and do not directly or indirectly promote or maintain a market for the Company's securities.
"Disability" means "disability" as defined in Section 422(c) of the Code.
"Effective Date" means the date on which the Plan is adopted as set forth in this Plan.
"Exchange Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder.
"Fair Market Value" of the Stock on any given date means the fair market value of the Stock determined in good faith by the Committee based on the reasonable application of a reasonable valuation method that is consistent with Section 409A of the Code. If the Stock is admitted to trade on a national securities exchange, the determination shall be made by reference to the closing price reported on such exchange. If there is no closing price for such date, the determination shall be made by reference to the last date preceding such date for which there is a closing price. If the date for which Fair Market Value is determined is the first day when trading prices for the Stock are reported on a national securities exchange, the Fair Market Value shall be the "Price to the Public" (or equivalent).
"Good Reason" shall have the meaning as set forth in the Award Agreement(s). In the case that any Award Agreement does not contain a definition of "Good Reason," it shall mean (i) a material diminution in the grantee's base salary except for across-the-board salary reductions similarly affecting all or substantially all similarly situated employees of the Company or (ii) a change of more than 100 miles in the geographic location at which the grantee provides services to the Company, so long as the grantee provides at least 90 days' notice to the Company following the initial occurrence of any such event and the Company fails to cure such event within 30 days thereafter.
"Grant Date" means the date that the Committee designates in its approval of an Award in accordance with applicable law as the date on which the Award is granted, which date may not precede the date of such Committee approval.
"Holder" means, with respect to an Award or any Shares, the Person holding such Award or Shares, including the initial recipient of the Award or any Permitted Transferee.
"Incentive Stock Option" means any Stock Option designated and qualified as an "incentive stock option" as defined in Section 422 of the Code.
"Non-Qualified Stock Option" means any Stock Option that is not an Incentive Stock Option.
"Option" or "Stock Option" means any option to purchase shares of Stock granted pursuant to Section 5.
"Permitted Transferees" shall mean any of the following to whom a Holder may transfer Shares hereunder (as set forth in Section 9(a)(ii)(A)): the Holder's child, stepchild, grandchild, parent, step-parent, grandparent, spouse, former spouse, sibling, niece, nephew, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law, or sister-in-law, including adoptive relationships, any person sharing the Holder's household (other than a tenant or employee), a trust in which these persons have more than fifty percent of the beneficial interest, a foundation in which these persons control the management of assets, and any other entity in which these persons own more than fifty percent of the voting interests; provided, however, that any such trust does not require or permit distribution of any Shares during the term of the Award Agreement unless subject to its terms. Upon the death of the Holder, the term Permitted Transferees shall also include such deceased Holder's estate, executors, administrators, personal representatives, heirs, legatees and distributees, as the case may be.
"Person" shall mean any individual, corporation, partnership (limited or general), limited liability company, limited liability partnership, association, trust, joint venture, unincorporated organization or any similar entity.
"Restricted Stock Award" means Awards granted pursuant to Section 7 and "Restricted Stock" means Shares issued pursuant to such Awards.
"Restricted Stock Unit" means an Award of phantom stock units to a grantee, which may be settled in cash or Shares as determined by the Committee, pursuant to Section 8.
"Sale Event" means the consummation of (i) the dissolution or liquidation of the Company, (ii) the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company on a consolidated basis to an unrelated person or entity, (iii) a merger, reorganization or consolidation pursuant to which the holders of the Company's outstanding voting power immediately prior to such transaction do not own a majority of the outstanding voting power of the surviving or resulting entity (or its ultimate parent, if applicable), (iv) the acquisition of all or a majority of the outstanding voting stock of the Company in a single transaction or a series of related transactions by a Person or group of Persons, or (v) any other acquisition of the business of the Company, as determined by the Board; provided, however, that any capital raising event, or a merger effected solely to change the Company's domicile shall not constitute a "Sale Event."
"Section 409A" means Section 409A of the Code and the regulations and other guidance promulgated thereunder.
"Securities Act" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder.
"Service Relationship" means any relationship as a full-time employee, part-time employee, director or other key person (including Consultants) of the Company or any Subsidiary or any successor entity (e.g., a Service Relationship shall be deemed to continue without interruption in the event an individual's status changes from full-time employee to part-time employee or Consultant).
"Shares" means shares of Stock.
"Stock" means the Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the Company.
"Stock Appreciation Right" means any right to receive from the Company upon exercise by an optionee or settlement, in cash, Shares, or a combination thereof, the excess of (i) the Fair Market Value of one Share on the date of exercise or settlement over (ii) the exercise price of the right on the date of grant, or if granted in connection with an Option, on the date of grant of the Option.
"Subsidiary" means any corporation or other entity (other than the Company) in which the Company has more than a 50 percent interest, either directly or indirectly.
"Ten Percent Owner" means an employee who owns or is deemed to own (by reason of the attribution rules of Section 424(d) of the Code) more than 10 percent of the combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any parent of the Company or any Subsidiary.
"Termination Event" means the termination of the Award recipient's Service Relationship with the Company and its Subsidiaries for any reason whatsoever, regardless of the circumstances thereof, and including, without limitation, upon death, disability, retirement, discharge or resignation for any reason, whether voluntarily or involuntarily. The following shall not constitute a Termination Event: (i) a transfer to the service of the Company from a Subsidiary or from the Company to a Subsidiary, or from one Subsidiary to another Subsidiary or (ii) an approved leave of absence for military service or sickness, or for any other purpose approved by the Committee, if the individual's right to re-employment is guaranteed either by a statute or by contract or under the policy pursuant to which the leave of absence was granted or if the Committee otherwise so provides in writing.
"Unrestricted Stock Award" means any Award granted pursuant to Section 7 and "Unrestricted Stock" means Shares issued pursuant to such Awards.
SECTION 2. ADMINISTRATION OF PLAN; COMMITTEE AUTHORITY TO SELECT GRANTEES AND DETERMINE AWARDS
(a) Administration of Plan. The Plan shall be administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board, or at the discretion of the Board, by a committee of the Board, comprised of not less than two directors. All references herein to the "Committee" shall be deemed to refer to the group then responsible for administration of the Plan at the relevant time (i.e., either the Board of Directors or a committee or committees of the Board, as applicable).
(b) Powers of Committee. The Committee shall have the power and authority to grant Awards consistent with the terms of the Plan, including the power and authority:
(i) to select the individuals to whom Awards may from time to time be granted;
(ii) to determine the time or times of grant, and the amount, if any, of Incentive Stock Options, Non-Qualified Stock Options, SARs, Restricted Stock Awards, Unrestricted Stock Awards, Restricted Stock Units, or any combination of the foregoing, granted to any one or more grantees;
(iii) to determine the number and types of Shares to be covered by any Award and, subject to the provisions of the Plan, the price, exercise price, conversion ratio or other price relating thereto;
(iv) to determine and, subject to Section 12, to modify from time to time the terms and conditions, including restrictions, not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan, of any Award, which terms and conditions may differ among individual Awards and grantees, and to approve the form of Award Agreements;
(v) to accelerate at any time the exercisability or vesting of all or any portion of any Award;
(vi) to impose any limitations on Awards, including limitations on transfers, repurchase provisions and the like, and to exercise repurchase rights or obligations;
(vii) subject to Section 5(a)(ii) and any restrictions imposed by Section 409A, to extend at any time the period in which Stock Options may be exercised; and
(viii) at any time to adopt, alter and repeal such rules, guidelines and practices for administration of the Plan and for its own acts and proceedings as it shall deem advisable; to interpret the terms and provisions of the Plan and any Award (including Award Agreements); to make all determinations it deems advisable for the administration of the Plan; to decide all disputes arising in connection with the Plan; and to otherwise supervise the administration of the Plan.
All decisions and interpretations of the Committee shall be binding on all persons, including the Company and all Holders.
(c) Award Agreement. Awards under the Plan shall be evidenced by Award Agreements that set forth the terms, conditions and limitations for each Award.
(d) Indemnification. Neither the Board nor the Committee, nor any member of either or any delegate thereof, shall be liable for any act, omission, interpretation, construction or determination made in good faith in connection with the Plan, and the members of the Board and the Committee (and any delegate thereof) shall be entitled in all cases to indemnification and reimbursement by the Company in respect of any claim, loss, damage or expense (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees) arising or resulting therefrom to the fullest extent permitted by law and/or under the Company's governing documents, including its certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or any directors' and officers' liability insurance coverage which may be in effect from time to time and/or any indemnification agreement between such individual and the Company.
(e) Foreign Award Recipients. Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, in order to comply with the laws in other countries in which the Company and any Subsidiary operate or have employees or other individuals eligible for Awards, the Committee, in its sole discretion, shall have the power and authority to: (i) determine which Subsidiaries, if any, shall be covered by the Plan; (ii) determine which individuals, if any, outside the United States are eligible to participate in the Plan; (iii) modify the terms and conditions of any Award granted to individuals outside the United States to comply with applicable foreign laws; (iv) establish subplans and modify exercise procedures and other terms and procedures, to the extent the Committee determines such actions to be necessary or advisable (and such subplans and/or modifications shall be attached to the Plan as appendices); provided, however, that no such subplans and/or modifications shall increase the share limitation contained in Section 3(a) hereof; and (v) take any action, before or after an Award is made, that the Committee determines to be necessary or advisable to obtain approval or comply with any local governmental regulatory exemptions or approvals.
SECTION 3. STOCK ISSUABLE UNDER THE PLAN; MERGERS AND OTHER TRANSACTIONS; SUBSTITUTION
(a) Stock Issuable. The maximum number of Shares reserved and available for issuance under the Plan shall be 675,000 Shares (the "Share Reserve"), subject to adjustment as provided in Section 3(b) and the following sentence regarding the annual increase. In addition, the Share Reserve will automatically increase on January 1st of each year, for a period of not more than ten years, commencing on January 1st of the year following the end of this fiscal year and ending on (and including) January 1, 2028, in an amount equal to 4.0% of the total number of shares of Stock outstanding on December 31st of the preceding calendar year. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board may act prior to January 1st of a given year to provide that there will be no January 1st increase in the Share Reserve for such year or that the increase in the Share Reserve for such year will be a lesser number of shares of Stock than would otherwise occur pursuant to the preceding sentence. If a Stock Award or any portion thereof (i) expires or otherwise terminates without all of the shares covered by such Stock Award having been issued or (ii) is settled in cash (i.e., the Participant receives cash rather than stock), the Shares subject to such Stock Award, to the extent of any such expiration, termination or settlement, will again be available for issuance under the Plan. If any shares of Stock issued pursuant to a Stock Award are forfeited back to or repurchased by the Company because of the failure to meet a contingency or condition required to vest such shares in the Participant, then the shares that are forfeited or repurchased will revert to and again become available for issuance under the Plan. Any shares reacquired by the Company in satisfaction of tax withholding obligations on a Stock Award or as consideration for the exercise or purchase price of a Stock Award will again become available for issuance under the Plan. For purposes of this limitation, the Shares underlying any Awards that are forfeited, canceled, reacquired by the Company prior to vesting, satisfied without the issuance of Stock or otherwise terminated (other than by exercise) shall be added back to the Shares available for issuance under the Plan. Subject to such overall limitations, Shares may be issued up to such maximum number pursuant to any type or types of Award, and no more than 135,000 Shares may be issued pursuant to Incentive Stock Options. The Shares available for issuance under the Plan may be authorized but unissued Shares or Shares reacquired by the Company. Beginning on the date that the Company becomes subject to Section 162(m) of the Code, (i) Options with respect to no more than 135,000 Shares shall be granted to any one individual in any calendar year period and (ii) no more than 270,000 Shares shall be granted to any one individual in any calendar year period. The value of any Shares granted to a non-employee director of the Company, when added to any annual cash payments or awards, shall not exceed an aggregate value of two hundred fifty thousand dollars ($250,000) in any calendar year.
(b) Changes in Stock. Subject to Section 3(c) hereof, if, as a result of any reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification, stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock split or other similar change in the Company's capital stock, the outstanding Shares are increased or decreased or are exchanged for a different number or kind of shares or other securities of the Company, or additional Shares or new or different shares or other securities of the Company or other non-cash assets are distributed with respect to such Shares or other securities, in each case, without the receipt of consideration by the Company, or, if, as a result of any merger or consolidation, or sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, the outstanding Shares are converted into or exchanged for other securities of the Company or any successor entity (or a parent or subsidiary thereof), the Committee shall make an appropriate and proportionate adjustment in (i) the maximum number of Shares reserved for issuance under the Plan, (ii) the number and kind of Shares or other securities subject to any then outstanding Awards under the Plan, (iii) the repurchase price, if any, per Share subject to each outstanding Award, and (iv) the exercise price for each Share subject to any then outstanding Stock Options under the Plan, without changing the aggregate exercise price (i.e., the exercise price multiplied by the number of Stock Options) as to which such Stock Options remain exercisable. The Committee shall in any event make such adjustments as may be required by the laws of Delaware and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. The adjustment by the Committee shall be final, binding and conclusive. No fractional Shares shall be issued under the Plan resulting from any such adjustment, but the Committee in its discretion may make a cash payment in lieu of fractional shares.
(c) Sale Events.
(i) Options.
(A) In the case of and subject to the consummation of a Sale Event, the Plan and all outstanding Options and SARs issued hereunder shall become one hundred percent (100%) vested upon the effective time of any such Sale Event. New stock options or other awards of the successor entity or parent thereof shall be substituted therefor, with an equitable or proportionate adjustment as to the number and kind of shares and, if appropriate, the per share exercise prices, as such parties shall agree (after taking into account any acceleration hereunder and/or pursuant to the terms of any Award Agreement).
(B) In the event of the termination of the Plan and all outstanding Options and SARs issued hereunder pursuant to Section 3(c), each Holder of Options shall be permitted, within a period of time prior to the consummation of the Sale Event as specified by the Committee, to exercise all such Options or SARs which are then exercisable or will become exercisable as of the effective time of the Sale Event; provided, however, that the exercise of Options not exercisable prior to the Sale Event shall be subject to the consummation of the Sale Event.
(C) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 3(c)(i)(A), in the event of a Sale Event, the Company shall have the right, but not the obligation, to make or provide for a cash payment to the Holders of Options, without any consent of the Holders, in exchange for the cancellation thereof, in an amount equal to the difference between (A) the value as determined by the Committee of the consideration payable per share of Stock pursuant to the Sale Event (the "Sale Price") times the number of Shares subject to outstanding Options being cancelled (to the extent then vested and exercisable, including by reason of acceleration in connection with such Sale Event, at prices not in excess of the Sale Price) and (B) the aggregate exercise price of all such outstanding vested and exercisable Options.
(ii) Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Unit Awards.
(A) In the case of and subject to the consummation of a Sale Event, all unvested Restricted Stock and unvested Restricted Stock Unit Awards issued hereunder shall become one hundred percent (100%) vested, with an equitable or proportionate adjustment as to the number and kind of shares subject to such awards as such parties shall agree (after taking into account any acceleration hereunder and/or pursuant to the terms of any Award Agreement).
(B) Such Restricted Stock shall be repurchased from the Holder thereof at the then Fair Market Value of such shares, (subject to adjustment as provided in Section 3(b)) for such Shares.
(C) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 3(c)(ii)(A), in the event of a Sale Event, the Company shall have the right, but not the obligation, to make or provide for a cash payment to the Holders of Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Unit Awards, without consent of the Holders, in exchange for the cancellation thereof, in an amount equal to the Sale Price times the number of Shares subject to such Awards, to be paid at the time of such Sale Event or upon the later vesting of such Awards.
SECTION 4. ELIGIBILITY
Grantees under the Plan will be such full or part-time officers and other employees, directors, Consultants and key persons of the Company and any Subsidiary who are selected from time to time by the Committee in its sole discretion; provided, however, that Awards shall be granted only to those individuals described in Rule 701(c) of the Securities Act.
SECTION 5. STOCK OPTIONS
Upon the grant of a Stock Option, the Company and the grantee shall enter into an Award Agreement. The terms and conditions of each such Award Agreement shall be determined by the Committee, and such terms and conditions may differ among individual Awards and grantees.
Stock Options granted under the Plan may be either Incentive Stock Options or Non-Qualified Stock Options. Incentive Stock Options may be granted only to employees of the Company or any Subsidiary that is a "subsidiary corporation" within the meaning of Section 424(f) of the Code. To the extent that any Option does not qualify as an Incentive Stock Option, it shall be deemed a Non-Qualified Stock Option.
(a) Terms of Stock Options. The Committee in its discretion may grant Stock Options to those individuals who meet the eligibility requirements of Section 4. Stock Options shall be subject to the following terms and conditions and shall contain such additional terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan, as the Committee shall deem desirable.
(i) Exercise Price. The exercise price per share for the Shares covered by a Stock Option shall be determined by the Committee at the time of grant but shall not be less than 100 percent of the Fair Market Value on the Grant Date. In the case of an Incentive Stock Option that is granted to a Ten Percent Owner, the exercise price per share for the Shares covered by such Incentive Stock Option shall not be less than 110 percent of the Fair Market Value on the Grant Date.
(ii) Option Term. The term of each Stock Option shall be fixed by the Committee, but no Stock Option shall be exercisable more than ten years from the Grant Date. In the case of an Incentive Stock Option that is granted to a Ten Percent Owner, the term of such Stock Option shall be no more than five years from the Grant Date.
(iii) Exercisability; Rights of a Stockholder. Stock Options shall become exercisable and/or vested at such time or times, whether or not in installments, as shall be determined by the Committee at or after the Grant Date. The Award Agreement may permit a grantee to exercise all or a portion of a Stock Option immediately at grant; provided that the Shares issued upon such exercise shall be subject to restrictions and a vesting schedule identical to the vesting schedule of the related Stock Option, such Shares shall be deemed to be Restricted Stock for purposes of the Plan, and the optionee may be required to enter into an additional or new Award Agreement as a condition to exercise of such Stock Option. An optionee shall have the rights of a stockholder only as to Shares acquired upon the exercise of a Stock Option and not as to unexercised Stock Options. An optionee shall not be deemed to have acquired any Shares unless and until a Stock Option shall have been exercised pursuant to the terms of the Award Agreement and this Plan and the optionee's name has been entered on the books of the Company as a stockholder.
(iv) Method of Exercise. Stock Options may be exercised by an optionee in whole or in part, by the optionee giving written or electronic notice of exercise to the Company, specifying the number of Shares to be purchased. Payment of the purchase price may be made by one or more of the following methods (or any combination thereof) to the extent provided in the Award Agreement:
(A) In cash, by certified or bank check, by wire transfer of immediately available funds, or other instrument acceptable to the Committee;
(B) If permitted by the Committee, by the optionee delivering to the Company a promissory note, if the Board has expressly authorized the loan of funds to the optionee for the purpose of enabling or assisting the optionee to effect the exercise of his or her Stock Option; provided, that at least so much of the exercise price as represents the par value of the Stock shall be paid in cash if required by state law;
(C) If permitted by the Committee, through the delivery (or attestation to the ownership) of Shares that have been purchased by the optionee on the open market or that are beneficially owned by the optionee and are not then subject to restrictions under any Company plan. To the extent required to avoid variable accounting treatment under applicable accounting rules, such surrendered Shares if originally purchased from the Company shall have been owned by the optionee for at least six months. Such surrendered Shares shall be valued at Fair Market Value on the exercise date;
(D) If permitted by the Committee and by the optionee delivering to the Company a properly executed exercise notice together with irrevocable instructions to a broker to promptly deliver to the Company cash or a check payable and acceptable to the Company for the purchase price; provided that in the event the optionee chooses to pay the purchase price as so provided, the optionee and the broker shall comply with such procedures and enter into such agreements of indemnity and other agreements as the Committee shall prescribe as a condition of such payment procedure; or
(E) If permitted by the Committee, and only with respect to Stock Options that are not Incentive Stock Options, by a "net exercise" arrangement pursuant to which the Company will reduce the number of Shares issuable upon exercise by the largest whole number of Shares with a Fair Market Value that does not exceed the aggregate exercise price.
Payment instruments will be received subject to collection. No certificates for Shares so purchased will be issued to the optionee or, with respect to uncertificated Stock, no transfer to the optionee on the records of the Company will take place, until the Company has completed all steps it has deemed necessary to satisfy legal requirements relating to the issuance and sale of the Shares, which steps may include, without limitation, (i) receipt of a representation from the optionee at the time of exercise of the Option that the optionee is purchasing the Shares for the optionee's own account and not with a view to any sale or distribution of the Shares or other representations relating to compliance with applicable law governing the issuance of securities, (ii) the legending of the certificate (or notation on any book entry) representing the Shares to evidence the foregoing restrictions, and (iii) obtaining from optionee payment or provision for all withholding taxes due as a result of the exercise of the Option. The delivery of certificates representing the shares of Stock (or the transfer to the optionee on the records of the Company with respect to uncertificated Stock) to be purchased pursuant to the exercise of a Stock Option will be contingent upon (A) receipt from the optionee (or a purchaser acting in his or her stead in accordance with the provisions of the Stock Option) by the Company of the full purchase price for such Shares and the fulfillment of any other requirements contained in the Award Agreement or applicable provisions of laws and (B) if required by the Company, the optionee shall have entered into any stockholders agreements or other agreements with the Company and/or certain other of the Company's stockholders relating to the Stock. In the event an optionee chooses to pay the purchase price by previously-owned Shares through the attestation method, the number of Shares transferred to the optionee upon the exercise of the Stock Option shall be net of the number of Shares attested to by the Optionee.
(b) Annual Limit on Incentive Stock Options. To the extent required for "incentive stock option" treatment under Section 422 of the Code, the aggregate Fair Market Value (determined as of the Grant Date) of the Shares with respect to which Incentive Stock Options granted under the Plan and any other plan of the Company or its parent and any Subsidiary that become exercisable for the first time by an optionee during any calendar year shall not exceed $100,000 or such other limit as may be in effect from time to time under Section 422 of the Code. To the extent that any Stock Option exceeds this limit, it shall constitute a Non-Qualified Stock Option.
(c) Termination. Any portion of a Stock Option that is not vested and exercisable on the date of termination of an optionee's Service Relationship shall immediately expire and be null and void. Once any portion of the Stock Option becomes vested and exercisable, the optionee's right to exercise such portion of the Stock Option (or the optionee's representatives and legatees as applicable) in the event of a termination of the optionee's Service Relationship shall continue until the earliest of: (i) the date which is: (A) 12 months following the date on which the optionee's Service Relationship terminates due to death or Disability (or such longer period of time as determined by the Committee and set forth in the applicable Award Agreement), or (B) three months following the date on which the optionee's Service Relationship terminates if the termination is due to any reason other than death or Disability (or such longer period of time as determined by the Committee and set forth in the applicable Award Agreement), or (ii) the Expiration Date set forth in the Award Agreement; provided that notwithstanding the foregoing, an Award Agreement may provide that if the optionee's Service Relationship is terminated for Cause, the Stock Option shall terminate immediately and be null and void upon the date of the optionee's termination and shall not thereafter be exercisable.
SECTION 6. STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS
The Committee is authorized to grant SARs to optionees with the following terms and conditions and with such additional terms and conditions, in either case not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan, as the Committee shall determine –
(a)           SARs may be granted under the Plan to optionees either alone or in addition to other Awards granted under the Plan and may, but need not, relate to specific Option granted under Section 5.
(b)           The exercise price per Share under a SAR shall be determined by the Committee, provided, however, that except in the case of a substitute Award, such exercise price shall not be less than the fair market value of a Share on the date of grant of such SAR.
(c)           The term of each SAR shall be fixed by the Committee but shall not exceed 10 years from the date of grant of such SAR.
(d)           The Committee shall determine the time or times at which a SAR may be exercised or settled in whole or in part. Unless otherwise determined by the Committee or unless otherwise set forth in an Award Agreement, the provisions set forth in Section 5 above with respect to exercise of an Award following termination of service shall apply to any SAR. The Committee may specify in an Award Agreement that an "in-the-money" SAR shall be automatically exercised on its expiration date.
SECTION 7. RESTRICTED STOCK AWARDS
(a) Nature of Restricted Stock Awards. The Committee may, in its sole discretion, grant (or sell at par value or such other purchase price determined by the Committee) to an eligible individual under Section 4 hereof a Restricted Stock Award under the Plan. The Committee shall determine the restrictions and conditions applicable to each Restricted Stock Award at the time of grant. Conditions may be based on the type of stock upon which restrictions are placed, continuing employment (or other Service Relationship), achievement of pre-established performance goals and objectives and/or such other criteria as the Committee may determine. Upon the grant of a Restricted Stock Award, the Company and the grantee shall enter into an Award Agreement. The terms and conditions of each such Award Agreement shall be determined by the Committee, and such terms and conditions may differ among individual Awards and grantees.
(b) Rights as a Stockholder. Upon the grant of the Restricted Stock Award and payment of any applicable purchase price, a grantee of Restricted Stock shall be considered the record owner of and shall be entitled to vote the Restricted Stock if, and to the extent, such Shares are entitled to voting rights, subject to such conditions contained in the Award Agreement. The grantee shall be entitled to receive all dividends and any other distributions declared on the Shares; provided, however, that the Company is under no duty to declare any such dividends or to make any such distribution. Unless the Committee shall otherwise determine, certificates evidencing the Restricted Stock shall remain in the possession of the Company until such Restricted Stock is vested as provided in subsection (d) below of this Section, and the grantee shall be required, as a condition of the grant, to deliver to the Company a stock power endorsed in blank and such other instruments of transfer as the Committee may prescribe.
(c) Restrictions. Restricted Stock may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged or otherwise encumbered or disposed of except as specifically provided herein or in the Award Agreement. Except as may otherwise be provided by the Committee either in the Award Agreement or, subject to Section 12 below, in writing after the Award Agreement is issued, if a grantee's Service Relationship with the Company and any Subsidiary terminates, the Company or its assigns shall have the right, as may be specified in the relevant instrument, to repurchase some or all of the Shares subject to the Award at such purchase price as is set forth in the Award Agreement.
(d) Vesting of Restricted Stock. The Committee at the time of grant shall specify in the Award Agreement the date or dates and/or the attainment of pre-established performance goals, objectives and other conditions on which the substantial risk of forfeiture imposed shall lapse and the Restricted Stock shall become vested, subject to such further rights of the Company or its assigns as may be specified in the Award Agreement.
SECTION 8. UNRESTRICTED STOCK AWARDS
The Committee may, in its sole discretion, grant (or sell at par value or such other purchase price determined by the Committee) to an eligible person under Section 4 hereof an Unrestricted Stock Award under the Plan. Unrestricted Stock Awards may be granted in respect of past services or other valid consideration, or in lieu of cash compensation due to such grantee.
SECTION 9. RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS
(a) Nature of Restricted Stock Units. The Committee may, in its sole discretion, grant to an eligible person under Section 4 hereof Restricted Stock Units under the Plan. The Committee shall determine the restrictions and conditions applicable to each Restricted Stock Unit at the time of grant. Vesting conditions may be based on continuing employment (or other Service Relationship), achievement of pre-established performance goals and objectives which may be based on targets for revenue, revenue growth, EBITDA, net income, earnings per share and/or other such criteria as the Committee may determine. Upon the grant of Restricted Stock Units, the grantee and the Company shall enter into an Award Agreement. The terms and conditions of each such Award Agreement shall be determined by the Committee and may differ among individual Awards and grantees. On or promptly following the vesting date or dates applicable to any Restricted Stock Unit, but in no event later than March 15 of the year following the year in which such vesting occurs, such Restricted Stock Unit(s) shall be settled in the form of cash or shares of Stock, as specified in the Award Agreement. Restricted Stock Units may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged, or otherwise encumbered or disposed of.
(b) Rights as a Stockholder. A grantee shall have the rights of a stockholder only as to Shares, if any, acquired upon settlement of Restricted Stock Units. A grantee shall not be deemed to have acquired any such Shares unless and until the Restricted Stock Units shall have been settled in Shares pursuant to the terms of the Plan and the Award Agreement, the Company shall have issued and delivered a certificate representing the Shares to the grantee (or transferred on the records of the Company with respect to uncertificated stock), and the grantee's name has been entered in the books of the Company as a stockholder.
(c) Termination. Except as may otherwise be provided by the Committee either in the Award Agreement or in writing after the Award Agreement is issued, a grantee's right in all Restricted Stock Units that have not vested shall automatically terminate upon the grantee's cessation of Service Relationship with the Company and any Subsidiary for any reason.
SECTION 10.  TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS; COMPANY RIGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL; COMPANY REPURCHASE RIGHTS
(a) Restrictions on Transfer.
(i) Non-Transferability of Stock Options. Restricted Stock awards granted under Section 7, Stock Options, SARs and, prior to exercise, the Shares issuable upon exercise of such Stock Option, shall not be transferable by the optionee otherwise than by will, or by the laws of descent and distribution, and all Stock Options shall be exercisable, during the optionee's lifetime, only by the optionee, or by the optionee's legal representative or guardian in the event of the optionee's incapacity. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee, in its sole discretion, may provide in the Award Agreement regarding a given Stock Option or Restricted Stock award that the optionee may transfer by gift, without consideration for the transfer, his or her Non-Qualified Stock Options to his or her family members (as defined in Rule 701 of the Securities Act), to trusts for the benefit of such family members, or to partnerships in which such family members are the only partners (to the extent such trusts or partnerships are considered "family members" for purposes of Rule 701 of the Securities Act), provided that the transferee agrees in writing with the Company to be bound by all of the terms and conditions of this Plan and the applicable Award Agreement, including the execution of a stock power upon the issuance of Shares. Stock Options, SARs and the Shares issuable upon exercise of such Stock Options, shall be restricted as to any pledge, hypothecation, or other transfer, including any short position, any "put equivalent position" (as defined in the Exchange Act) or any "call equivalent position" (as defined in the Exchange Act) prior to exercise.
(ii) Shares. No Shares shall be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged, hypothecated, given away or in any other manner disposed of or encumbered, whether voluntarily or by operation of law, unless (i) the transfer is in compliance with the terms of the applicable Award Agreement, all applicable securities laws (including, without limitation, the Securities Act), and with the terms and conditions of this Section 9, (ii) the transfer does not cause the Company to become subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, and the transferee consents in writing to be bound by the provisions of the Plan and the Award Agreement, including this Section 10. In connection with any proposed transfer, the Committee may require the transferor to provide at the transferor's own expense an opinion of counsel to the transferor, satisfactory to the Committee, that such transfer is in compliance with all foreign, federal and state securities laws (including, without limitation, the Securities Act). Any attempted transfer of Shares not in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Section 9 shall be null and void, and the Company shall not reflect on its records any change in record ownership of any Shares as a result of any such transfer, shall otherwise refuse to recognize any such transfer and shall not in any way give effect to any such transfer of Shares. The Company shall be entitled to seek protective orders, injunctive relief and other remedies available at law or in equity including, without limitation, seeking specific performance or the rescission of any transfer not made in strict compliance with the provisions of this Section 10. Subject to the foregoing general provisions, and unless otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement, Shares may be transferred pursuant to the following specific terms and conditions (provided that with respect to any transfer of Restricted Stock, all vesting and forfeiture provisions shall continue to apply with respect to the original recipient):
(A) Transfers to Permitted Transferees. The Holder may transfer any or all of the Shares to one or more Permitted Transferees; provided, however, that following such transfer, such Shares shall continue to be subject to the terms of this Plan (including this Section 9) and such Permitted Transferee(s) shall, as a condition to any such transfer, deliver a written acknowledgment to that effect to the Company and shall deliver a stock power to the Company with respect to the Shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Holder may not transfer any of the Shares to a Person whom the Company reasonably determines is a direct competitor or a potential competitor of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.
(B) Transfers Upon Death. Upon the death of the Holder, any Shares then held by the Holder at the time of such death and any Shares acquired after the Holder's death by the Holder's legal representative shall be subject to the provisions of this Plan, and the Holder's estate, executors, administrators, personal representatives, heirs, legatees and distributees shall be obligated to convey such Shares to the Company or its assigns under the terms contemplated by the Plan and the Award Agreement.
(b) Right of First Refusal. In the event that a Holder desires at any time to sell or otherwise transfer all or any part of his or her Shares (other than shares of Restricted Stock which by their terms are not transferrable), the Holder first shall give written notice to the Company of the Holder's intention to make such transfer. Such notice shall state the number of Shares that the Holder proposes to sell (the "Offered Shares"), the price and the terms at which the proposed sale is to be made and the name and address of the proposed transferee. At any time within 30 days after the receipt of such notice by the Company, the Company or its assigns may elect to purchase all or any portion of the Offered Shares at the price and on the terms offered by the proposed transferee and specified in the notice. The Company or its assigns shall exercise this right by mailing or delivering written notice to the Holder within the foregoing 30-day period. If the Company or its assigns elect to exercise its purchase rights under this Section 9(b), the closing for such purchase shall, in any event, take place within 45 days after the receipt by the Company of the initial notice from the Holder. In the event that the Company or its assigns do not elect to exercise such purchase right, or in the event that the Company or its assigns do not pay the full purchase price within such 45-day period, the Holder shall be required to pay a transaction processing fee of $10,000 to the Company (unless waived by the Committee) and then may, within 60 days thereafter, sell the Offered Shares to the proposed transferee and at the same price and on the same terms as specified in the Holder's notice. Any Shares not sold to the proposed transferee shall remain subject to the Plan. If the Holder is a party to any stockholders agreements or other agreements with the Company and/or certain other of the Company's stockholders relating to the Shares, (i) the transferring Holder shall comply with the requirements of such stockholders agreements or other agreements relating to any proposed transfer of the Offered Shares, and (ii) any proposed transferee that purchases Offered Shares shall enter into such stockholders agreements or other agreements with the Company and/or certain of the Company's stockholders relating to the Offered Shares on the same terms and in the same capacity as the transferring Holder.
(c) Company's Right of Repurchase.
(i) Right of Repurchase for Unvested Shares Issued Upon the Exercise of an Option. Upon a Termination Event, the Company or its assigns shall have the right and option to repurchase from a Holder of Shares acquired upon exercise of a Stock Option which is still subject to a risk of forfeiture as of the Termination Event. Such repurchase rights may be exercised by the Company within the later of (A) six months following the date of such Termination Event or (B) seven months after the acquisition of Shares upon exercise of a Stock Option. The repurchase price shall be equal to the lower of the original per share price paid by the Holder, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 3(b) of the Plan, or the current Fair Market Value of such Shares as of the date the Company elects to exercise its repurchase rights.
(ii) Right of Repurchase With Respect to Restricted Stock. Upon a Termination Event, the Company or its assigns shall have the right and option to repurchase from a Holder of Shares received pursuant to a Restricted Stock Award any Shares that are still subject to a risk of forfeiture as of the Termination Event. Such repurchase right may be exercised by the Company within six months following the date of such Termination Event. The repurchase price shall be the lower of the original per share purchase price paid by the Holder, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 3(b) of the Plan, or the current Fair Market Value of such Shares as of the date the Company elects to exercise its repurchase rights.
(iii) Procedure. Any repurchase right of the Company shall be exercised by the Company or its assigns by giving the Holder written notice on or before the last day of the repurchase period of its intention to exercise such repurchase right. Upon such notification, the Holder shall promptly surrender to the Company, free and clear of any liens or encumbrances, any certificates representing the Shares being purchased, together with a duly executed stock power for the transfer of such Shares to the Company or the Company's assignee or assignees. Upon the Company's or its assignee's receipt of the certificates from the Holder, the Company or its assignee or assignees shall deliver to him, her or them a check for the applicable repurchase price; provided, however, that the Company may pay the repurchase price by offsetting and canceling any indebtedness then owed by the Holder to the Company.
(d) Escrow Arrangement.
(i) Escrow. In order to carry out the provisions of this Section 9 of this Plan more effectively, the Company shall hold any Shares issued pursuant to Awards granted under the Plan in escrow together with separate stock powers executed by the Holder in blank for transfer. The Company shall not dispose of the Shares except as otherwise provided in this Plan. In the event of any repurchase by the Company (or any of its assigns), the Company is hereby authorized by the Holder, as the Holder's attorney-in-fact, to date and complete the stock powers necessary for the transfer of the Shares being purchased and to transfer such Shares in accordance with the terms hereof. At such time as any Shares are no longer subject to the Company's repurchase and first refusal rights, the Company shall, at the written request of the Holder, deliver to the Holder a certificate representing such Shares with the balance of the Shares to be held in escrow pursuant to this Section.
(ii) Remedy. Without limitation of any other provision of this Plan or other rights, in the event that a Holder or any other Person is required to sell a Holder's Shares pursuant to the provisions of Sections 9(b) or (c) hereof and in the further event that he or she refuses or for any reason fails to deliver to the Company or its designated purchaser of such Shares the certificate or certificates evidencing such Shares together with a related stock power, the Company or such designated purchaser may deposit the applicable purchase price for such Shares with a bank designated by the Company, or with the Company's independent public accounting firm, as agent or trustee, or in escrow, for such Holder or other Person, to be held by such bank or accounting firm for the benefit of and for delivery to him, her, them or it, and/or, in its discretion, pay such purchase price by offsetting any indebtedness then owed by such Holder as provided above. Upon any such deposit and/or offset by the Company or its designated purchaser of such amount and upon notice to the Person who was required to sell the Shares to be sold pursuant to the provisions of Sections 9(b) or (c), such Shares shall at such time be deemed to have been sold, assigned, transferred and conveyed to such purchaser, such Holder shall have no further rights thereto (other than the right to withdraw the payment thereof held in escrow, if applicable), and the Company shall record such transfer in its stock transfer book or in any appropriate manner.
(e) Lockup Provision. If requested by the Company, a Holder shall not sell or otherwise transfer or dispose of any Shares (including, without limitation, pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act) held by him or her for such period following the effective date of a public offering by the Company of Shares as the Company shall specify reasonably and in good faith. If requested by the underwriter engaged by the Company, each Holder shall execute a separate letter confirming his or her agreement to comply with this Section.
(f) Adjustments for Changes in Capital Structure. If, as a result of any reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification, stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock split or other similar change in the Stock, the outstanding Shares are increased or decreased or are exchanged for a different number or kind of securities of the Company, the restrictions contained in this Section 9 shall apply with equal force to additional and/or substitute securities, if any, received by Holder in exchange for, or by virtue of his or her ownership of, Shares.
(g) Termination. The terms and provisions of Section 9(b) and Section 9(c) (except for the Company's right to repurchase Shares still subject to a risk of forfeiture upon a Termination Event) shall terminate upon consummation of any Sale Event, in either case as a result of which Shares are registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act and publicly-traded on any national security exchange.
SECTION 11. TAX WITHHOLDING
(a) Payment by Grantee. Each grantee shall, no later than the date as of which the value of an Award or of any Shares or other amounts received thereunder first becomes includable in the gross income of the grantee for income tax purposes, pay to the Company, or make arrangements satisfactory to the Committee regarding payment of, any Federal, state, or local taxes of any kind required by law to be withheld by the Company with respect to such income. The Company and any Subsidiary shall, to the extent permitted by law, have the right to deduct any such taxes from any payment of any kind otherwise due to the grantee. The Company's obligation to deliver stock certificates (or evidence of book entry) to any grantee is subject to and conditioned on any such tax withholding obligations being satisfied by the grantee.
(b) Payment in Stock. The Company's minimum required tax withholding obligation may be satisfied, in whole or in part, by the Company withholding from Shares to be issued pursuant to an Award a number of Shares having an aggregate Fair Market Value (as of the date the withholding is effected) that would satisfy the minimum withholding amount due.
SECTION 12. SECTION 409A AWARDS
To the extent that any Award is determined to constitute "nonqualified deferred compensation" within the meaning of Section 409A (a "409A Award"), the Award shall be subject to such additional rules and requirements as may be specified by the Committee from time to time. In this regard, if any amount under a 409A Award is payable upon a "separation from service" (within the meaning of Section 409A) to a grantee who is considered a "specified employee" (within the meaning of Section 409A), then no such payment shall be made prior to the date that is the earlier of (i) six months and one day after the grantee's separation from service, or (ii) the grantee's death, but only to the extent such delay is necessary to prevent such payment from being subject to interest, penalties and/or additional tax imposed pursuant to Section 409A. The Company makes no representation or warranty and shall have no liability to any grantee under the Plan or any other Person with respect to any penalties or taxes under Section 409A that are, or may be, imposed with respect to any Award.
SECTION 13. AMENDMENTS AND TERMINATION
The Board may, at any time, amend or discontinue the Plan and the Committee may, at any time, amend or cancel any outstanding Award for the purpose of satisfying changes in law or for any other lawful purpose, but no such action shall adversely affect rights under any outstanding Award without the consent of the holder of the Award. The Committee may exercise its discretion to reduce the exercise price of outstanding Stock Options or effect repricing through cancellation of outstanding Stock Options and by granting such holders new Awards in replacement of the cancelled Stock Options. To the extent determined by the Committee to be required either by the Code to ensure that Incentive Stock Options granted under the Plan are qualified under Section 422 of the Code or otherwise, Plan amendments shall be subject to approval by the Company stockholders entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders. Nothing in this Section 12 shall limit the Board's or Committee's authority to take any action permitted pursuant to Section 3(c). The Board reserves the right to amend the Plan and/or the terms of any outstanding Stock Options to the extent reasonably necessary to comply with the requirements of the exemption pursuant to paragraph (0(4) of Rule 12h-1 of the Exchange Act.
SECTION 14. STATUS OF PLAN
With respect to the portion of any Award that has not been exercised and any payments in cash, Stock or other consideration not received by a grantee, a grantee shall have no rights greater than those of a general creditor of the Company unless the Committee shall otherwise expressly so determine in connection with any Award.
SECTION 15. GENERAL PROVISIONS
(a) No Distribution; Compliance with Legal Requirements. The Committee may require each person acquiring Shares pursuant to an Award to represent to and agree with the Company in writing that such person is acquiring the Shares without a view to distribution thereof. No Shares shall be issued pursuant to an Award until all applicable securities law and other legal and stock exchange or similar requirements have been satisfied. The Committee may require the placing of such stop-orders and restrictive legends on certificates for Stock and Awards, as it deems appropriate.
(b) Delivery of Stock Certificates. Stock certificates to grantees under the Plan shall be deemed delivered for all purposes when the Company or a stock transfer agent of the Company shall have mailed such certificates in the United States mail, addressed to the grantee, at the grantee's last known address on file with the Company; provided that stock certificates to be held in escrow pursuant to Section 9 of the Plan shall be deemed delivered when the Company shall have recorded the issuance in its records. Uncertificated Stock shall be deemed delivered for all purposes when the Company or a stock transfer agent of the Company shall have given to the grantee by electronic mail (with proof of receipt) or by United States mail, addressed to the grantee, at the grantee's last known address on file with the Company, notice of issuance and recorded the issuance in its records (which may include electronic "book entry" records).
(c) No Employment Rights. The adoption of the Plan and the grant of Awards do not confer upon any Person any right to continued employment or Service Relationship with the Company or any Subsidiary.
(d) Trading Policy Restrictions. Option exercises and other Awards under the Plan shall be subject to the Company's insider trading policy-related restrictions, terms and conditions as may be established by the Committee, or in accordance with policies set by the Committee, from time to time.
(e) Designation of Beneficiary. Each grantee to whom an Award has been made under the Plan may designate a beneficiary or beneficiaries to exercise any Award on or after the grantee's death or receive any payment under any Award payable on or after the grantee's death. Any such designation shall be on a form provided for that purpose by the Committee and shall not be effective until received by the Committee. If no beneficiary has been designated by a deceased grantee, or if the designated beneficiaries have predeceased the grantee, the beneficiary shall be the grantee's estate.
(f) Legend. Any certificate(s) representing the Shares shall carry substantially the following legend (and with respect to uncertificated Stock, the book entries evidencing such shares shall contain the following notation):
The transferability of this certificate and the shares of stock represented hereby are subject to the restrictions, terms and conditions (including repurchase and restrictions against transfers contained in the Plan and any agreements entered into thereunder by and between the company and the holder of this certificate (a copy of which is available at the offices of the company for examination).
(g) Information to Holders of Options. In the event the Company is relying on the exemption from the registration requirements of Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act contained in paragraph (f)(1) of Rule 12h-1 of the Exchange Act, the Company shall provide the information described in Rule 701(e)(3), (4) and (5) of the Securities Act to all holders of Options in accordance with the requirements thereunder. The foregoing notwithstanding, the Company shall not be required to provide such information unless the option holder has agreed in writing, on a form prescribed by the Company, to keep such information confidential.
SECTION 16. EFFECTIVE DATE OF PLAN
The Plan shall become effective upon adoption by the Board and shall be approved by stockholders in accordance with applicable state law and the Company's articles of incorporation and bylaws within 12 months thereafter. If the stockholders fail to approve the Plan within 12 months after its adoption by the Board of Directors, then any Awards granted or sold under the Plan shall be rescinded and no additional grants or sales shall thereafter be made under the Plan. Subject to such approval by stockholders and to the requirement that no Shares may be issued hereunder prior to such approval, Stock Options and other Awards may be granted hereunder on and after adoption of the Plan by the Board. No grants of Stock Options and other Awards may be made hereunder after the tenth anniversary of the date the Plan is adopted by the Board or the date the Plan is approved by the Company's stockholders, whichever is earlier.
SECTION 17. GOVERNING LAW
This Plan, all Awards and any controversy arising out of or relating to this Plan and all Awards shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware as to matters within the scope thereof, without regard to conflict of law principles that would result in the application of any law other than the law of the State of Delaware.
DATE ADOPTED BY THE SHAREHOLDERS:                                                                                                           .
 