  
EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549 
SCHEDULE 14A 
Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No.    )
Filed by the Registrant    ☒
Filed by a Party other than the Registrant    ☐
Check the appropriate box:
ONE HORIZON GROUP, INC. 
34 South Molton Street 
London W1K 5RG, United Kingdom
November 28, 2018 
Dear Stockholders:
On behalf of the Board of Directors, you are cordially invited to attend the 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders of One Horizon Group, Inc. ("OHGI"). The Annual Meeting will be held on Thursday, December 27, 2018 at 10:00 a.m. (Eastern Standard Time) at the offices of Mitchell Silberberg & Knupp LLP, 437 Madison Ave., 25th Floor, New York, NY 10022. You may attend the Annual Meeting in person or telephonically by dialing in toll free at 1-877-317-6789, or if calling from outside the United States, at 1-412-317-6789.The formal Notice of Annual Meeting is set forth in the enclosed material.
The matters expected to be acted upon at the Annual Meeting are described in the attached Proxy Statement. Holders of record of OHGI common stock at the close of business on November 20, 2018 (the "Record Date") are entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting. At the Annual Meeting, stockholders will have the opportunity to ask questions and comment on our business operations.
It is important that your views be represented. If you request a proxy card, please mark, sign and date the proxy card when received and return it promptly in the self-addressed, stamped envelope we will provide. No postage is required if this envelope is mailed in the United States. You also have the option of voting your proxy via the Internet at www.proxyvote.com or by calling toll free via a touch-tone phone at 1-800-690-6903. Proxies submitted by telephone or over the Internet must be received by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Standard Time on December 26, 2018. Although we encourage you to complete and return a proxy prior to the Annual Meeting to ensure that your vote is counted, you can attend the Annual Meeting and cast your vote in person. If you vote by proxy and also attend the Annual Meeting, there is no need to vote again at the Annual Meeting unless you wish to change your vote.
We appreciate your investment in One Horizon Group, Inc. and urge you to cast your vote as soon as possible.
ONE HORIZON GROUP, INC.
34 South Molton Street 
London W1K 5RG, United Kingdom
NOTICE OF 2018 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS 
The 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders of One Horizon Group, Inc. will be held at the offices of Mitchell Silberberg & Knupp LLP, 437 Madison Ave., 25th Floor, New York, NY 10022 on Thursday, December 27, 2018, beginning at 10:00 a.m. Eastern Standard Time for the following purposes:
The Board of Directors has fixed the close of business on November 20, 2018 as the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at the Annual Meeting (the "Record Date").
A list of stockholders of record as of the Record Date shall be open to the examination of any stockholder for any purpose germane to the meeting for a period of at least 10 days prior to the Annual Meeting during ordinary business hours, at our executive offices, 34 South Molton Street, London W1K 5RG, United Kingdom, and will be available for inspection at the offices of Mitchell Silberberg & Knupp LLP, 437 Madison Ave., 25th Floor, New York, NY 10022 during the course of the meeting by any stockholder present at the Annual Meeting.
November 28, 2018
Please mark, sign and date the enclosed proxy card and return it promptly in the enclosed self-addressed, stamped envelope.  
 To vote via the Internet or telephone:
Internet: www.proxyvote.com 
Phone: 1-800-690-   
TABLE OF CONTENTS
ONE HORIZON GROUP, INC.
34 South Molton Street
London W1K 5RG, United Kingdom
PROXY STATEMENT 
General Information
This Proxy Statement is furnished in connection with the solicitation by the Board of Directors of One Horizon Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company,"  "we," "our" or "us"), of proxies to be voted at our 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the "Annual Meeting" or the "Meeting") and at any adjournment or postponement of the Meeting. The Annual Meeting will take place on Thursday, December 27, 2018, beginning at 10:00 a.m., Eastern Standard Time, at the offices of Mitchell Silberberg & Knupp LLP, 437 Madison Ave., 25th Floor, New York, NY 10022.
This Proxy Statement, the Notice of Annual Meeting, our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017, and accompanying proxy are being furnished to holders of our common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, on or about November 28, 2018. Web links and addresses contained in this Proxy Statement are provided for convenience only, and the content on the referenced websites does not constitute a part of this Proxy Statement.
Frequently Asked Questions About the Annual Meeting and Voting
Holders of our common stock as of November 20, 2018 (the "Record Date") are entitled to receive the Notice of Annual Meeting and to vote their shares at the Meeting. Holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on the Record Date.
As of November 20, 2018, there were 88,401,431 shares of common stock outstanding and entitled to be voted at the Annual Meeting.
If your shares are registered in your name with our transfer agent, Nevada Agency and Transfer Company, you are the "stockholder of record" of those shares. This Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement and any accompanying materials have been provided directly to you by One Horizon Group, Inc.
If your shares are held through a broker, bank or other holder of record, you hold your shares in "street name" and you are considered the "beneficial owner" of those shares. This Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement and any accompanying documents have been provided to you by your broker, bank or other holder of record. As the beneficial owner, you have the right to direct your broker, bank or other holder of record how to vote your shares by using the voting instruction card or by following their instructions for voting by telephone or on the Internet. Absent instructions from you, under applicable regulatory requirements, your broker may vote your shares on the ratification of the appointment of our independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal 2018 and the proposal to amend our certificate of incorporation to effect a reverse stock split in the range of from 1-for 2 to 1-for-50 (the "Reverse Stock Split Proposal"), but may not vote your shares on the election of directors, approval of our Amended and Restated 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (the "2018 Equity Incentive Plan"), approval of the advisory resolution on executive compensation or any of the other proposals to be voted on at the Annual Meeting.  
You may vote using any of the following methods: 
By mail
Complete, sign and date the accompanying proxy or voting instruction card and return it in the prepaid envelope. If you are a stockholder of record and return your signed proxy card but do not indicate your voting preferences, the persons named in the proxy card will vote the shares represented by your proxy card as recommended by the Board of Directors.
By telephone or on the Internet
We have established telephone and Internet voting procedures for stockholders of record. These procedures are designed to authenticate your identity, to allow you to give your voting instructions and to confirm that those instructions have been properly recorded. Telephone and Internet voting facilities for stockholders of record will be available 24 hours a day until 11:59 p.m., Eastern Standard Time, on December 26, 2018.
The availability of telephone and Internet voting for beneficial owners will depend on the voting processes of your broker, bank or other holder of record. We therefore recommend that you follow the voting instructions in the materials you receive.
If you vote by telephone or on the Internet, you do not have to return your proxy or voting instruction card.
Telephone.    You can vote by calling the toll-free telephone number on your proxy card. Please have your proxy card handy when you call. Easy-to-follow voice prompts will allow you to vote your shares and confirm that your instructions have been properly recorded.
Internet.    The website for Internet voting is www.proxyvote.com. Please have your proxy card handy when you go to the website. As with telephone voting, you can confirm that your instructions have been properly recorded. If you vote on the Internet, you also can request electronic delivery of future proxy materials.
In person at the Annual Meeting
Stockholders who attend the Annual Meeting may vote in person at the Meeting. You may also be represented by another person at the Meeting by executing a proper proxy designating that person. If you are a beneficial owner of shares, you must obtain a legal proxy from your broker, bank or other holder of record and present it to the inspector of election with your ballot to be able to vote at the Annual Meeting.
Your vote is important. Please complete your proxy card promptly to ensure that your vote is received timely.
If you are a stockholder of record, you can revoke your proxy before it is exercised by:  If you are a beneficial owner of shares, you may submit new voting instructions by contacting your broker, bank or other holder of record. All shares for which proxies have been properly submitted and not revoked will be voted at the Annual Meeting.
6. Where can you find the voting results?
We intend to announce the preliminary voting results at the Annual Meeting and will publish the final results in a Current Report on Form 8-K, which we will file with the SEC no later than four business days following the Annual Meeting. If the final voting results are unavailable in time to file a current report on Form 8-K with the SEC within four business days after the Annual Meeting, we intend to file a Form 8-K to disclose the preliminary results and, within four business days after the final results are known, will file an additional current report on Form 8-K with the SEC to disclose the final voting results.
If you are a beneficial owner whose shares are held of record by a broker, you must instruct the broker how to vote your shares. If you do not provide voting instructions, your shares will not be voted on any proposal on which the broker does not have discretionary authority to vote. This is called a "broker non-vote." In these cases, the broker can register your shares as being present at the Annual Meeting for purposes of determining the presence of a quorum but will not be able to vote on those matters for which specific authorization is required under the rules of the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE").
If you are a beneficial owner whose shares are held of record by a broker, your broker has discretionary voting authority under NYSE rules to vote your shares on the Reverse Stock Split Proposal, the ratification of Cherry Bekaert LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm and the adjournment proposal, even if the broker does not receive voting instructions from you. However, your broker does not have discretionary authority to vote on the election of directors, approval of our 2018 Equity Incentive Plan or approval of the advisory resolution on executive compensation, in which case a broker non-vote will occur and your shares will not be voted on these matters.
The presence of the holders of 29,467,143 shares of common stock, representing one-third of the shares of common stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting, in person or represented by proxy, is necessary to constitute a quorum. Abstentions and broker non-votes are counted as present and entitled to vote for purposes of determining a quorum.
Election of Directors
Directors are elected by a plurality of the votes cast at the Annual Meeting. This means that the five persons receiving the highest number of affirmative "for" votes at the Annual Meeting will be elected.  Abstentions and broker non-votes are not counted as votes "for" or "against" a director nominee. 
Approval of Reverse Stock Split Proposal
The affirmative vote of majority of the outstanding shares of common stock is required to approve the Reverse Stock Split Proposal. Abstentions will have the effect of a vote "against" this proposal.
Ratification of Cherry Bekaert LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm
The votes cast "for" must exceed the votes cast "against" to approve the ratification of Cherry Bekaert LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm. Abstentions are not counted as votes "for" or "against" this proposal. Approval of 2018 Equity Incentive Plan
The votes cast "for" must exceed the votes cast "against" to approve our 2018 Equity Incentive Plan. Abstentions are not counted as votes "for" or "against" this proposal.
Approval of the Advisory Resolution on Executive Compensation
The votes cast "for" must exceed the votes cast "against" to approve the advisory resolution on executive compensation. Abstentions are not counted as votes "for" or "against" this proposal. The vote on the advisory resolution in respect of executive compensation will neither be binding on us or our Board of Directors nor will it create or imply any change in the fiduciary duties of, or impose any additional fiduciary duty on us or our Board of Directors. However, the Board of Directors values the opinions expressed by stockholders on the vote on this non-binding advisory resolution and will consider the outcome of the vote on this proposal in determining its compensation policies.
Approval of Adjournment Proposal
The votes cast "for" must exceed the votes cast "against" to approve the adjournment proposal. Abstentions are not counted as votes "for" or "against" this proposal.
At the Meeting, the Board of Directors (the persons named in the proxy card or, if applicable, their substitutes) will vote your shares as you instruct. If you sign your proxy card and return it without indicating how you would like to vote your shares, your shares will be voted as the Board of Directors recommends, which is:
[BEGIN TABLE]
● ● FOR                                           the election of each of the director nominees named in this Proxy Statement;   FOR approval of the Reverse          Stock Split Proposal;    
● ● FOR                                           the election of each of the director nominees named in this Proxy Statement;   FOR approval of the Reverse          Stock Split Proposal;    
● ● FOR                                           the election of each of the director nominees named in this Proxy Statement;   FOR approval of the Reverse          Stock Split Proposal;    
● ● FOR                                           the election of each of the director nominees named in this Proxy Statement;   FOR approval of the Reverse          Stock Split Proposal;    
● ● FOR                                           the election of each of the director nominees named in this Proxy Statement;   FOR approval of the Reverse          Stock Split Proposal;    
● ● ● FOR                                           approval of our 2018 Equity Incentive Plan;   FOR          approval of the advisory resolution on executive compensation; and   FOR          approval of the adjournment proposal. 
● ● ● FOR                                           approval of our 2018 Equity Incentive Plan;   FOR          approval of the advisory resolution on executive compensation; and   FOR          approval of the adjournment proposal. 
● ● ● FOR                                           approval of our 2018 Equity Incentive Plan;   FOR          approval of the advisory resolution on executive compensation; and   FOR          approval of the adjournment proposal. 
● ● ● FOR                                           approval of our 2018 Equity Incentive Plan;   FOR          approval of the advisory resolution on executive compensation; and   FOR          approval of the adjournment proposal. 
● ● ● FOR                                           approval of our 2018 Equity Incentive Plan;   FOR          approval of the advisory resolution on executive compensation; and   FOR          approval of the adjournment proposal. 
● ● ● FOR                                           approval of our 2018 Equity Incentive Plan;   FOR          approval of the advisory resolution on executive compensation; and   FOR          approval of the adjournment proposal. 
[END TABLE]
11. Could other matters be decided at the Annual Meeting?
As of the date of this Proxy Statement, we did not know of any matters to be presented at the Annual Meeting, other than those referred to in this Proxy Statement.
If you return your signed and completed proxy card or vote by telephone or on the Internet and other matters are properly presented at the Annual Meeting for consideration, the individuals named as proxies on the enclosed proxy card will have the discretion to vote on your behalf.
[BEGIN TABLE]
12.  Who                                           will pay for the cost of the Annual Meeting and this proxy solicitation? 
12.  Who                                           will pay for the cost of the Annual Meeting and this proxy solicitation? 
[END TABLE]
We will pay the costs associated with the Annual Meeting and solicitation of proxies, including the costs of transmitting the proxy materials. In addition to solicitation by mail, our directors, officers and regular employees (who will not be specifically compensated for such services) may solicit proxies by telephone or otherwise. Arrangements will be made with brokerage houses and other custodians, nominees and fiduciaries to forward proxies and proxy materials to their principals, and we will reimburse them for their expenses. We have retained Broadridge Issuer Corporate Solutions, Inc. to assist in the mailing, collection and administration of proxies. We have retained D.F. King & Co, Inc. to provide proxy solicitation services in connection with the Annual Meeting for which we will pay a fee of approximately $9,500. MATTERS TO COME BEFORE THE ANNUAL MEETING
PROPOSAL ONE:
Election of Directors
Nominees
At the Annual Meeting, five directors, who have been nominated by the Nominating Committee of the Board of Directors, are to be elected, each to hold office (subject to our By-Laws) until the next annual meeting and until his successor has been elected and qualified. All of the nominees for director currently serve as directors. In addition, pursuant to a Settlement Agreement entered into to cease all activities concerning two actions instituted by Mr. Wu against our company and our directors, Zhanming has the right to designate up to two nominees for election to the Board of Directors until the earlier of (i) the date as of which the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by Wu shall be less than 4,500,000 shares and represent less than ten percent (10%) of the number of shares of common stock then outstanding and (ii) December 31, 2020, but in no event prior to our 2019 annual meeting of the stockholders. To date, Mr. Wu has not submitted any designee for election as a director. If Mr. Wu submits nominees for election to the Board prior to the date of the Meeting, the Board will increase the number of directors constituting the entire Board of Directors and appoint the individuals designated by Mr. Wu as directors following the Meeting.
Each nominee has consented to being named as a nominee in this proxy statement and to serve if elected. If any nominee listed in the table below should become unavailable for any reason, which the Board of Directors does not anticipate, the proxy will be voted for any substitute nominee or nominees who may be selected by the Board of Directors prior to or at the Annual Meeting, or, if no substitute is selected by the Board of Directors prior to or at the Annual Meeting, for a motion to reduce the membership of the Board of Directors to the number of nominees available. The five nominees receiving the highest number of affirmative "for" votes at the Annual Meeting will be elected. The information concerning the nominees and their security holdings has been furnished by them to us.
Directors are nominated by our Board of Directors, based on the recommendations of the Nominating Committee. As discussed elsewhere in this proxy statement, in evaluating director nominees, the Nominating Committee considers characteristics that include, among others, integrity, business experience, financial acumen, leadership abilities, familiarity with our businesses and businesses similar or analogous to ours, and the extent to which a candidate's knowledge, skills, background and experience are already represented by other members of our Board of Directors. Listed below are our director nominees with their biographies. Mark White.  Mr. White was appointed as President, Chief Executive Officer and a director on September 8, 2017. Mr. White previously served as the Company's Chief Executive Officer from November 30, 2012 to July 24, 2014 and as a director from December 2012 to July 2014. From July 2014 to August 2017, he was engaged as a private investor seeking business and investment opportunities. Mr. White served as the Chief Executive Officer of One Horizon Group, PLC from 2004 to November 2012. His entrepreneurial career in the distribution of electronic equipment and telecommunications spans over 20 years. He founded Next Destination Limited in 1993, the European distributor for Magellan GPS and satellite products, and sold the business in 1997. Prior to that, Mr. White was Chief Executive Officer for Garmin Europe, where he built up the company's European distribution network. He previously sold Garmin's GPS products through Euro Marine Group Ltd, a company he formed in 1990, which established distribution in Europe for U.S. manufacturers of marine electronic equipment. Earlier in his career, Mr. White was the Sales Director for Cetrek Limited, a maritime autopilot manufacturer. Mr. White brings extensive operational and senior executive experience, including experience as a chief executive officer and as a director of the Company and an AIM-listed company.
Martin Ward. Mr. Ward has served as Chief Financial Officer since November 30, 2012 and a director since December 10, 2012. Mr. Ward served as the Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary of One Horizon Group, PLC from 2004 to November 2012. Prior to joining One Horizon Group, Mr. Ward was a partner at Langdowns DFK, a United Kingdom-based chartered accountancy practice. Earlier in his career, between 1983 and 1987, he worked for PricewaterhouseCoopers as an Audit Manager. Mr. Ward is a fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of England and Wales. Mr. Ward brings significant experience in accounting, corporate finance and public company reporting.
Nicholas Carpinello. Mr. Carpinello has served as a director since March 7, 2013. He has been the owner of Carpinello Enterprises LLC d/b/a Cottman Transmission Center, a national auto service franchise, since 2004 and also has worked as a consultant to SatCom Distribution Inc. ("SDI"), assisting in various business, tax and financial matters of US operations of UK-based distributors of satellite communication hardware and airtime, since 2005. Prior to November 2012, SDI was a subsidiary of One Horizon Group PLC. Mr. Carpinello's years of professional experience are extensive, and include experience as CFO and Treasurer with multinational public and private manufacturers of armored vehicles and, later in his career, CFO of privately-held companies in the computer science field. He is a Certified Public Accountant, an alumnus of Arthur Andersen & Co., and holds a BA degree in Accounting from the University of Cincinnati. The Board decided that Mr. Carpinello should serve as a director because of his significant U.S. public company experience, as well as years of experience as a certified public accountant.
Richard Vos. Mr. Vos has served as a director since August 28, 2013. Mr. Vos was a non-executive director from 2007  to 2017 of Avanti Communications Group plc, a public company listed on the London Stock Exchange (LSE:AVN).  In addition, from 2001 to 2018, Mr. Vos was a non-executive director of NSSC Operations Ltd., which operates the National Space Centre in the United Kingdom.  From June 2005 to June 2010, Mr. Vos was a director of our United Kingdom subsidiary, One Horizon Group plc (formerly SatCom Group Holdings plc) ("One Horizon UK"), and from October 2006 to June 2010 was also Chairman.  From July 2005 to March 2010, One Horizon UK was listed on the Alternative Investment Market of the London Stock Exchange (AIM: SGH).  From October 2008 to October 2010, Mr. Vos served as a director of TerreStar Europe Ltd., a former start-up business seeking to provide mobile satellite services in Europe. From April 2003 to 2009, Mr. Vos was chairman of the Telecommunications and Navigation Advisory Board of the British National Space Centre (subsequently replaced by the United Kingdom Space Agency).   From September 2006 to June 2009, Mr. Vos was a director of Avanti Screenmedia Group plc, formerly listed on the London Stock Exchange (LSE:ASG), which provided satellite and other services.  Mr. Vos obtained his Bachelor of Arts with Honors in Modern Languages from University of London in 1968, and his Diploma in Management Studies from Kingston Polytechnic in 1973. 
Robert Law. Mr. Law has served as a director since August 28, 2013. From 1990 to 2016, Mr. Law served as chief executive officer of Langdowns DFK Limited ("Langdowns"), a United Kingdom-based accounting, tax and business advisory firm, and from 1979 to 2018 served as a director of Langdowns. Also, from 1990 to 2016, Mr. Law served as the chief executive officer of Southern Business Advisers LLP ("Southern Business Advisers"), a United Kingdom-based business associated with Langdowns that also offers accounting, tax and business advisory services, was a member of Southern Business Advisers since 1979. Mr. Law is a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales ("ICAEW"), having qualified as an ICAEW Chartered Accountant in 1976.
All directors hold office until the next annual meeting of shareholders and until their successors have been duly elected and qualified. Officers are elected by and serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors.
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR
THE ELECTION OF EACH NOMINEE UNDER PROPOSAL ONE Information Concerning the Board of Directors
Board Leadership Structure and the Board's Role in Risk Oversight.
The Board of Directors currently does not have a Chairman. Our Chief Executive Officer acts as the Chairman of the Board. The Board determined that in the best interest of the Company the most effective leadership structure at this time is not to separate the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. A combined structure provides the Company with a single leader who represents the Company to our stockholders, regulators, business partners and other stakeholders, among other reasons set forth below. Should the Board conclude otherwise, the Board will separate the roles and appoint an independent Chairman.
The Board of Directors does not have a specific role in risk oversight of the Company. The Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and other executive officers and employees of the Company provide the Board of Directors with information regarding the Company's risks.
Compensation of Directors
Non-employee directors are entitled to receive compensation for serving as directors and may receive option grants from our company. Employee directors do not receive any compensation for their services as directors. All of our directors are reimbursed for expenses incurred by them in connection with attending Board of Directors' meetings. The following table sets forth all cash compensation paid by us, as well as certain other compensation paid or accrued, in 2017, to each of our non-employee directors. Independent Directors
Our Board of Directors has determined that Nicholas Carpinello, Robert Law and Richard Vos are "independent directors" within the meaning of NASDAQ Marketplace Rule 5605(a)(2). 
Board Meetings; Committees and Membership
The Board of Directors held seven meetings during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017 ("fiscal 2017"). During fiscal 2017, each of the directors then in office attended more than 75% of the aggregate of (i) the total number of meetings of the Board of Directors and (ii) the total number of meetings of all committees of the Board on which such director served.
We maintain the following committees of the Board of Directors: the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Each committee is comprised entirely of directors who are "independent" within the meaning of NASDAQ Marketplace Rule 5605(a)(2). Each committee acts pursuant to a separate written charter, and each such charter has been adopted and approved by the Board of Directors. Copies of the committee charters are available on our website at airindustriesgroup.com under the heading "Investor Relations."
Audit Committee
Our Audit Committee consists of Nicholas Carpinello, Robert Law and Richard Vos, each of whom is independent. The Audit Committee assists the Board of Directors oversight of (i) the integrity of financial statements, (ii) our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, (iii) the independent auditor's qualifications and independence, and (iv) the performance of our internal audit function and independent auditor, and prepares the report that the Securities and Exchange Commission requires to be included in our annual proxy statement. The audit committee operates under a written charter. Mr. Carpinello is the Chairman of our audit committee. The Audit Committee held four meetings during fiscal 2017.
The Board of Directors determined that Mr. Carpinello possesses accounting or related financial management experience that qualifies him as financially sophisticated within the meaning of Rule 4350(d)(2)(A) of the Nasdaq Marketplace Rules and that he is an "audit committee financial expert" as defined by the rules and regulations of the SEC.
A copy of current charter of Audit Committee is available on our website at http://content.stockpr.com/onehorizongroup/media/6f6926ac07f2526da1eaa0d94f84c6d7.pdf
Compensation Committee
The Compensation Committee is responsible for overseeing and, as appropriate, making recommendations to the Board of Directors regarding the annual salaries and other compensation of our executive officers and general employees and other policies, and for providing assistance and recommendations with respect to our compensation policies and practices. Each of Nicholas Carpinello, Robert Law and Richard Vos are members of the Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee operates under a written charter. Mr. Robert Law is the Chairman of Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee held four meetings during fiscal 2017.
As required by Rule 10C-1(b)(2), (3) and (4) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act"), our Compensation Committee has, among the others, the following responsibilities and authority. 
[BEGIN TABLE]
● The compensation committee select, or receive advice                                           from, a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser to the compensation committee                                           or said group, other than in-house legal counsel, only after conducting an independence                                           assessment with respect to the adviser as provided for in the Exchange Act.  
[END TABLE]
A copy of current Charter of Compensation Committee is available on our website at http://content.stockpr.com/onehorizongroup/media/abf14232f92dbd65d5ee4c83d7b1fa3b.pdf
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
The purpose of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is to assist the Board of Directors in identifying qualified individuals to become members of our Board of Directors, in determining the composition of the Board of Directors and in monitoring the process to assess Board effectiveness. Each of Nicholas Carpinello, Robert Law and Richard Vos are members of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee operates under a written charter. Mr. Richard Vos is the Chairman of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee held four meetings during fiscal 2017.
A copy of current charter of Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is available on our website at http://content.stockpr.com/onehorizongroup/media/8eccadeceb1ccc10b249cc5ab2456058.pdf
Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance
Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act and the rules thereunder require our officers and directors, and persons that own more than 10% of a registered class of our equity securities, to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the Securities and Exchange Commission and to furnish us with copies. Based solely on our review of the copies of the Section 16(a) forms received by us, or written representations from certain reporting persons, we believe that during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017 all of our officers, directors, and beneficial owners of more than 10% of our outstanding shares of common stock filed on a timely basis all reports required by Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, except that Mark White failed to file a Form 4 reporting his conversion of 555,555 shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock (the "Preferred Shares") into 4,000,000 shares of common stock on November 27, 2017 and the transfer of 2,000,000 of those shares to Zhanming Wu on November 27, 2017 in consideration for Mr. Wu's previous contribution to Mr. White of $250,000 to be used in connection with Mr. White's initial purchase of the Preferred Shares. Stockholder Communications
OHGI stockholders who want to communicate with our Board or any individual director can write to:
One Horizon Group, Inc. 
34 South Molton Street 
London W1K 5RG, United Kingdom 
Attn: Board Administration
Your letter should indicate that you are an OHGI stockholder.  Depending on the subject matter, management will:
At each Board meeting, a member of management presents a summary of all communications received since the last meeting that were not forwarded and makes those communications available to the Directors on request.
Policy Regarding Attendance of Directors at Annual Meetings of Stockholders
We have not established a formal policy regarding director attendance at our annual meetings of stockholders, although we encourage our directors to attend the annual meeting.
Code of Ethics
Our Board of Directors has adopted a Policy Statement on Business Ethics and Conflicts of Interest ("Code of Ethics") applicable to all employees, including the Company's chief executive officer and chief financial officer. A copy of the Code of Ethics and Business Conduct is available on our website at http://content.stockpr.com/onehorizongroup/media/250c1db923f658aca6cc69dfc35c7f89.pdf  
Information Concerning Executive Officers
Our Executive Officers are set forth in the table below along with their ages and positions.
For information concerning the employment history of Messrs. White and Ward, see Proposal 1, Election of Directors.
Executive Compensation
The following tables set forth, for the periods indicated, the total compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to each person who served as the principal executive officer during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017 ("Fiscal 2017") and each other executive officer whose total compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to such other executive officer for Fiscal 2017 was in excess of $100,000 for services rendered in all capacities to the Company and its subsidiaries (together, the "Named Executive Officers").
Summary Compensation Table Employment Agreements
Mark White, Chief Executive Officer and President
We have entered into an Amended and Restated Employment Agreement with Mark White which continues for an initial term through July 31, 2022, and which automatically renews for one year terms thereafter, subject to the rights of both parties to terminate the Agreement. Mr. White's Employment Agreement provided for a signing grant of 1,600,000 shares of the Company's common stock, an annual salary of $480,000 per annum, an annual bonus to be determined by the Board and an acquisition bonus whereby Mr. White will receive additional shares each time the Company completes an acquisition of a new business. Mr. White's Agreement contains customary non-disclosure and non-compete provisions which are operative during the term of his agreement and for one year thereafter. Mr. White's agreement provides for severance of one year's salary if his agreement is terminated by the Company without cause or in the event of a change in control of the Company. In addition we have agreed that upon termination of Mr. White's Employment Agreement upon request we would register our shares of common stock then held by him for sale under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
Martin Ward, Chief Financial Officer 
We have entered into an Employment Agreement with Martin Ward which continues for an initial term through July 31, 2022, and which automatically renews for one year terms thereafter, subject to the rights of both parties to terminate the Agreement. Mr. Ward's Employment Agreement provides for an annual salary of $240,000 per annum and an annual bonus to be determined in accordance with a program to be developed by the Board of Directors. Mr. Ward's Agreement contains customary non-disclosure and non-compete provisions which are operative during the term of his agreement and for one year thereafter. Mr. Ward's agreement provides for severance of one year's salary if his agreement is terminated by the Company without cause or in the event of a change in control of the Company. In addition we have agreed that upon termination of Mr. Ward's Employment Agreement upon request we would register our shares of common stock then held by him for sale under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
Brian Collins, Former President and Chief Executive Officer
Brian Collins, who resigned as our President and Chief Executive Officer on August 11, 2017, had employment agreements with OHGI and our wholly-owned subsidiary, One Horizon Hong Kong Limited, pursuant to which he was entitled to an annual base salary of 36,000 pounds sterling (approximately $50,000) and $300,000, respectively. Mr. Collins did not receive any severance payments upon his resignation.
Equity Awards – Fiscal 2017
The following table shows the grant of equity awards to the Named Executive Officers during 2017. We did not grant any equity awards in the form of stock options to any of the Named Executive Officers during 2017 and consequently have omitted those columns from the table which would have described such awards. Outstanding Equity Awards at 2017 Year-End
None.
Transactions with Related Persons
Our Policy Concerning Transactions with Related Persons
Under Item 404 of SEC Regulation S-K, a related person transaction is any actual or proposed transaction, arrangement or relationship or series of similar transactions, arrangements or relationships, including those involving indebtedness not in the ordinary course of business, to which we or our subsidiaries were or are a party, or in which we or our subsidiaries were or are a participant, in which the amount involved exceeded or exceeds the lesser of $120,000 or one percent of the average of our total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years and in which any of our directors, nominees for director, executive officers, beneficial owners of more than 5% of any class of our voting securities (a "significant shareholder"), or any member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing persons, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest.
We recognize that transactions between us and any of our Directors or Executives or with a third party in which one of our officers, directors or significant shareholders has an interest can present potential or actual conflicts of interest and create the appearance that our decisions are based on considerations other than the best interests of our Company and stockholders.
The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors is charged with responsibility for reviewing, approving and overseeing any transaction between the Company and any related person (as defined in Item 404 of Regulation S-K), including the propriety and ethical implications of any such transactions, as reported or disclosed to the Committee by the independent auditors, employees, officers, members of the Board of Directors or otherwise, and to determine whether the terms of the transaction are not less favorable to us than could be obtained from an unaffiliated party. 
Transactions 
The following includes a summary of transactions since January 1, 2017, or any currently proposed transaction, in which we were or are to be a participant and the amount involved exceeded or exceeds the lesser of $120,000 or one percent of the average of our total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years, and in which any related person had or will have a direct or indirect material interest.
On August 11, 2017 we sold all of the outstanding capital stock of three of our subsidiaries, Abbey Technology GmbH, Horizon Globex GmbH and Horizon Globex Ireland Ltd., and approximately 99.7% of the outstanding shares in One Horizon Group plc (collectively the "Discontinued Entities") to Brian Collins, our then Chief Executive Officer, in exchange for the forgiveness of $1,968,253 payable to Mr. Collins. In connection with the transaction, Mr. Collins and the Discontinued Entities released us and our remaining subsidiaries (the "Excluded Entities") from any claims outstanding as of the date of the transaction and we and the Excluded Entities released the Discontinued Entities from any outstanding claims. In contemplation of sale, certain intellectual property was transferred among the Discontinued Entities and the Excluded Entities such that each could continue the business contemplated to be carried on after the sale was consummated.
On August 18, 2017, Martin Ward, our Chief Financial Officer, accepted the offer to convert $662,048 due to him from us into 859,802 shares of common stock (a conversion price of $0.77 per share, the closing price of the Company's common stock on August 14, 2017).  In September 2017, we entered into an agreement with Mark White, our President, Chief Executive Officer and a director of our company, whereby Mr. White agreed to exchange 555,555 shares of our Series A-1 Convertible Preferred Stock, and the right to accrued but unpaid dividends thereon, for 4,000,000 shares of common stock. The exchange was approved by holders of a majority of our outstanding shares of common stock by written consent in lieu of a meeting of stockholders dated October 24, 2017 in accordance with NASDAQ's corporate governance rules.
Amounts due to related parties include the following: (in thousands)
The foregoing transactions were reviewed and approved by the Audit Committee or our Board of Directors. We believe that the terms of each transaction were not less favorable to us than those terms that could be obtained from an unaffiliated third party. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
The following table sets forth information known to us regarding beneficial ownership of our common stock as of November 20, 2018 (the "Record Date"), by (i) each person known by us to own beneficially more than 5% of our outstanding common stock, (ii) each of our directors, (iii) our chief executive officer, and (iii) all of our directors and executive officers as a group. For purposes of the table below, beneficial ownership is defined by Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act. Except as otherwise indicated, we believe, based on information provided by each of the individuals named in the table below, that such individuals have sole investment and voting power with respect to such shares, subject to community property laws, where applicable. As of the Record Date, we had outstanding 88,401,431 shares of our common stock. Except as otherwise indicated, each of the stockholders listed below has sole voting and investment power over the shares beneficially owned. Except as stated in the table, the address of the holder is c/o our company, 34 South Molton Street, London W1K 5RG, United Kingdom.
[BEGIN TABLE]
Martin Ward     1,369,738         1.55% 
[END TABLE]
Audit Committee Report to Stockholders
Pursuant to rules adopted by the SEC designed to improve disclosures related to the functioning of corporate audit committees and to enhance the reliability and credibility of financial statements of public companies, the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors submits the following report:
The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors is responsible for providing independent, objective oversight of the Company's accounting functions and internal controls. The Audit Committee is composed of three directors, each of whom is independent within the meaning of NASDAQ Marketplace Rule 5605(a)(2). The Audit Committee operates under a written charter approved by the Board of Directors.
Management is responsible for the Company's internal controls over financial reporting, disclosure controls and procedures and the financial reporting process. The independent registered public accounting firm is responsible for performing an independent audit of the Company's consolidated financial statements in accordance with Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB) standards and to issue reports thereon. The Audit Committee's responsibility is to monitor and oversee these processes. The Audit Committee has established a mechanism to receive, retain and process complaints on auditing, accounting and internal control issues, including the confidential, anonymous submission by employees, vendors, customers and others of concerns on questionable accounting and auditing matters.
In connection with these responsibilities, the Audit Committee met with management and the independent registered public accounting firm to review and discuss the December 31, 2017 audited consolidated financial statements. The Audit Committee also discussed with the independent registered public accounting firm the matters required by Statement on Auditing Standards Update No. 61, as amended (AICPA, Professional Standards, Vol. 1, AU section 380), as adopted by the PCAOB in Rule 3200T. In addition, the Audit Committee received the written disclosures from the independent registered public accounting firm required by applicable requirements of the PCAOB regarding the independent accountant's communications with the Audit Committee concerning independence, and the Audit Committee has discussed the independent registered public accounting firm's independence from the Company and its management.
Based upon the Audit Committee's discussions with management and the independent registered public accounting firm, and the Audit Committee's review of the representations of management and the independent registered public accounting firm, the Audit Committee recommended that the Board of Directors include the audited consolidated financial statements in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal 2017 filed with the SEC.
The Audit Committee also has appointed, subject to stockholder ratification, Cherry Bekaert LLP as the Company's independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2018.
The Report of the Audit Committee should not be deemed filed or incorporated by reference into any other filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except to the extent the Company specifically incorporates the Report of the Audit Committee therein by reference. PROPOSAL TWO:
To Approve an Amendment to Our Certificate of Incorporation, as Amended, to Effect a Reverse Split of our Common Stock in the Range of from 1-for-2 to 1-for- On May 10, 2018, we received notice (the "Notice") from The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC ("NASDAQ") indicating that our common stock did not meet the continued listing requirement as set forth in NASDAQ Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) based on the closing bid price of the common stock for the preceding 30 business days. We disclosed the Notice on that certain Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on May 15, 2018. The minimum closing bid price required to maintain continued listing on The NASDAQ Capital Market is $1.00 per share.
Under NASDAQ Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), we received a 180-calendar day grace period from the date of the Notice to regain compliance by meeting the continued listing standard of a minimum closing bid price of at least $1.00 per share for 10 consecutive business days during the 180-calendar day grace period ending on November 6, 2018. During the grace period, we were unable to regain compliance with the minimum bid price standard.
In accordance with NASDAQ Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), in addition to such initial grace period, we could be afforded an additional 180-calendar day compliance period, provided that on the 180th calendar day of the initial grace period, we (i) met the applicable market value of publicly held shares requirement for continued listing and all other applicable requirements for initial listing on The NASDAQ Capital Market (except for the bid price requirement) and (ii) notified NASDAQ of our intent to cure the minimum bid price deficiency. Prior to expiration of the initial grace period, we requested an additional 180-calendar day compliance period and notified NASDAQ of our compliance with the stated listing standards and our intent to cure the minimum bid price deficiency through a reverse stock split, if necessary. On November 7, 2018, we received a written notification from NASDAQ granting an additional 180-calendar day period, which expires on May 6, 2019, to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement described above. This second 180-calendar day period relates exclusively to the bid price deficiency and we could be delisted during the 180-calendar day period for failure to maintain compliance with any other listing requirements that occurs during the 180-calendar day period.
Our Board of Directors believes that a reverse stock split will likely be necessary to regain compliance with NASDAQ's minimum $1.00 bid price requirement prior to the current deadline of May 6, 2019.
Accordingly, our Board has unanimously adopted a resolution authorizing, approving, declaring advisable and recommending to our stockholders for their approval an amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation to effect a reverse split of the outstanding and treasury shares of common stock in a ratio of one share-for-two shares up to a ratio of one share-for-fifty shares (the "Reverse Split Amendment"), which ratio will be selected by the Board following stockholder approval and prior to December 31, 2019. The Reverse Stock Split Amendment will become effective upon the filing of a Certificate of Amendment with the Delaware Secretary of State and set forth in a public announcement. The form of Reverse Split Amendment is attached to this proxy statement as Appendix A.
If the proposal authorizing the reverse stock split (the "Reverse Stock Split Proposal") is approved at the Annual Meeting, we may issue the shares of common stock that would become available for issuance upon completion of any reverse split (i) pursuant to future securities offering transactions, (ii) pursuant to future acquisition transactions involving payment of consideration in our equity securities, (iii) upon conversion or exercise of outstanding securities that are convertible into or exercisable for common stock, and (iv) for other general corporate purposes.
If the Board determines to implement the Reverse Split Amendment, we would communicate to the public, prior to the effective time of the Reverse Split Amendment, additional details regarding the Reverse Split Amendment (including the final reverse split ratio, as determined by the Board). The Board reserves the right to elect not to proceed with the Reverse Split Amendment if it determines, in its sole discretion, that the Reverse Split Amendment is no longer in the best interests of our company or our stockholders. In determining which reverse split amendment to implement, if any, following receipt of stockholder approval of the Reverse Stock Proposal, the Board may consider, among other things, various factors, such as:
The failure of stockholders to approve the Reverse Stock Proposal could prevent us from regaining compliance with NASDAQ's $1.00 Minimum Bid Price Requirement, unless the market price of our common stock increases above the Minimum Bid Price Requirement without a reverse split for at least 10 consecutive trading days (or at least 20 consecutive trading days if required by Nasdaq in its discretion) prior to May 6, 2019. If NASDAQ delists our common stock, then our common stock would likely become traded on the over the counter market maintained by OTC Markets Group Inc. (the "OTC"), which does not have the substantial corporate governance or quantitative listing requirements for continued trading as NASDAQ. In that event, interest in our common stock may decline and certain institutions may not have the ability to trade in our common stock, all of which could have a material adverse effect on the liquidity or trading volume of our common stock. If our common stock becomes significantly less liquid due to delisting from NASDAQ, our stockholders may not have the ability to liquidate their investments in our common stock as and when desired and we believe our access to capital would become significantly diminished as a result. Also, due to certain state securities (blue sky) law requirements which apply to securities that are not listed on an exchange, our ability to consummate future public offerings would be materially limited, and could require that we undertake private placements on terms that are significantly less favorable than the terms of a public offering.
Reasons for the Reverse Split
To maintain our NASDAQ Listing. 
We believe that a reverse stock split could increase the market price of our common stock sufficient to satisfy the Minimum Bid Price Requirement in the near term, though we cannot provide any assurance that a reverse stock split will have that effect. The Board has weighed the potential harm to our company and its stockholders resulting from a NASDAQ delisting against the potential harm to our company and its stockholders from another significant reverse stock split, including the risks described below under "Certain Risks Associated with a Reverse Split." We believe we will continue to need to raise capital to fund our operations until the businesses we acquired earlier this year become cash flow positive or profitable (of which there is no assurance). If we are unable to maintain our NASDAQ listing, our access to capital will become further limited and we may not have sufficient capital to enable our operating subsidiaries to continue their operations or become cash flow positive or profitable. Therefore, the Board has concluded that the potential harm to our company and its stockholders resulting from a NASDAQ delisting outweighs the potential harm to our company and its stockholders from another significant reverse stock split.
To potentially improve the liquidity of our common stock.
A reverse split could allow a broader range of institutions to invest in our common stock (namely, funds that are prohibited from buying stocks whose price is below a certain threshold), potentially increasing trading volume and liquidity of our common stock and potentially decreasing the volatility of our common stock if institutions become long-term holders of our common stock. A reverse split could help increase analyst and broker interest in our common stock as their policies can discourage them from following or recommending companies with low stock prices. Because of the trading volatility often associated with low-priced stocks, many brokerage houses and institutional investors have internal policies and practices that either prohibit them from investing in low-priced stocks or tend to discourage individual brokers from recommending low-priced stocks to their customers. Some of those policies and practices may make the processing of trades in low-priced stocks economically unattractive to brokers. Additionally, because brokers' commissions on low-priced stocks generally represent a higher percentage of the stock price than commissions on higher-priced stocks, a low average price per share of common stock can result in individual stockholders paying transaction costs representing a higher percentage of their total share value than would be the case if the share price were higher.
Certain Risks Associated with a Reverse Split
There can be no assurance that the reverse split will increase the market price of the common stock and have the desired effect of maintaining compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement. The Board believes that a reverse split has the potential to increase the market price of our common stock so that we may be able to satisfy the Minimum Bid Price Requirement. However, the long- and near-term effect of the reverse split upon the market price of the common stock cannot be predicted with any certainty. Although the 1-for-6 reverse stock split we effected in April 2017 allowed us to regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement for a little over a year, the history of similar reverse stock splits for companies in like circumstances is varied, particularly since investors may view a reverse stock split negatively.
As of November 20, 2018, the closing price of our common stock was $0.17. As a result, we are not in compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement. There can be no assurance that another reverse stock split will increase the market price of our common stock so that we may be able to maintain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement.
Further, following any reverse stock split, we will continue to require significant proceeds from sales of our debt or equity securities to fund our operations for the near future, which will cause further dilution to stockholders. The issuance of a substantial amount of shares of common stock or securities convertible into or exercisable for common stock in the future could cause downward pressure on the price of our common stock and there is no assurance that the market price for our common stock will remain at a level sufficient to satisfy the Minimum Bid Price Requirement.
Even if another reverse stock split enables us to regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement, we may be delisted due to other NASDAQ listing criteria deficiencies. Further, the reverse split may not result in a per share price that would attract brokers and investors who do not trade in lower priced stocks.
Moreover, NASDAQ may delist our common stock if it concludes that delisting is in the public interest. For example, if we engage in further dilutive issuances of our common stock in an amount deemed unacceptable by NASDAQ, or NASDAQ concludes that such dilutive issuances in an unacceptable amount are likely to occur, NASDAQ may conclude that delisting our common stock is in the public interest. NASDAQ has the authority to delist our common stock for such public interest concerns.
A reverse split would affect all of our common stockholders uniformly and would not affect any stockholder's percentage ownership interests or proportionate voting power. The other principal effects of the reverse split will be that:  
Although the number of outstanding shares of common stock would decrease following the Reverse Split Amendment, the Board does not intend for a reverse split to be the first step in a "going private transaction" within the meaning of Rule 13e-3 of the Exchange Act.
The following table reflects the number of shares of common stock that would be outstanding as a result of the effectiveness of the Reverse Split Amendment and the approximate percentage reduction in the number of outstanding shares based on 88,451,431 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of November 20, 2018. As of November 20, 2018, we had 111,548,569 shares of common stock available for issuance. The following table also shows the shares that would be available for issuance if the Reverse Split Amendment is effected.
Effect of Reverse Split and Potential Anti-Takeover Effect
Management does not anticipate that our financial condition, the percentage ownership of common stock by management, the number of our stockholders, or any aspect of our business will materially change as a result of the Reverse Split Amendment. Because the Reverse Split Amendment will apply to all issued and outstanding shares of common stock and outstanding rights to purchase common stock or to convert other securities into common stock, the proposed Reverse Split Amendment will not alter the relative rights and preferences of existing stockholders. However, the number of shares of common stock outstanding will be decreased, while the number of authorized but unissued shares will be increased.
Management does not currently plan to use the increase in our authorized but unissued shares that will result from the Reverse Split Amendment to make it more difficult or to discourage a future merger, tender offer or proxy contest or the removal of incumbent management. This Proposal is not the result of management's knowledge of an effort to accumulate our securities or to obtain control of the Company by means of a merger, tender offer, solicitation or otherwise.
Summarized in the following paragraphs are provisions included in our Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, and our bylaws that may have the effect of discouraging, delaying or preventing a change in control or an unsolicited acquisition proposal that a stockholder might consider favorable, including a proposal that might result in the payment of a premium over the market price for the shares held by our stockholders.
Effects of authorized but unissued common stock and blank check preferred stock. One of the effects of the existence of authorized but unissued common stock and undesignated preferred stock may be to enable our Board to make more difficult or to discourage an attempt to obtain control of our company by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise, and thereby to protect the continuity of management. If the Board were to determine that a takeover proposal was not in our best interest, such shares could be issued by the Board without stockholder approval in one or more transactions that might prevent or render more difficult or costly the completion of the takeover transaction by diluting the voting or other rights of the proposed acquirer or insurgent stockholder group, by putting a substantial voting block in institutional or other hands that might undertake to support the position of the incumbent board of directors, by effecting an acquisition that might complicate or preclude the takeover, or otherwise. In addition, our Certificate of Incorporation grants our Board broad power to establish the rights and preferences of authorized and unissued shares of additional series of preferred stock. The creation and issuance of one or more additional series of preferred stock could decrease the amount of earnings and assets available for distribution to holders of shares of common stock. The issuance also may adversely affect the rights and powers, including voting rights, of those holders and may have the effect of delaying, deterring or preventing a change in control of our company.
Cumulative Voting. Our Certificate of Incorporation does not provide for cumulative voting in the election of directors which would allow holders of less than a majority of the voting stock to elect some directors.
Vacancies. Section 223 of the Delaware General Corporation Law and our bylaws provide that all vacancies, including newly created directorships, may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of directors then in office, even if less than a quorum.
Special Meeting of Stockholders. A special meeting of stockholders may be called by our Board or the Chairman of our Board and must be called by our Secretary at the request in writing of holders of record of a majority of our outstanding capital stock entitled to vote. The requirement that a majority of our outstanding capital stock is required to call a special meeting means that small stockholders will not have the power to call a special meeting to, for example, elect new directors.
Fractional Shares
If the reverse stock split ratio determined to be implemented by the Board, if any, will result in fractional shares, we will not issue fractional shares. Instead we will, at the discretion of the Board, determine whether we will pay cash in an amount equal to the fair value of the fractions or take other action to settle fractional shares.
Procedure for Effecting Reverse Stock Split
If the Board decides to implement a reverse split, the reverse split will become effective on the date the Reverse Split Amendment is filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. The time of such filing, if any, will be determined by the Board in its sole discretion. Beginning on the effective time of the Reverse Split Amendment, each certificate representing pre-reverse split shares of common stock will be deemed for all corporate purposes to evidence ownership of post-reverse split shares of common stock.
Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Reverse Stock Split
The following discussion is a general summary of certain U.S. federal income tax consequences of the reverse split that may be relevant to U.S. Holders (as defined below) of our common stock, but does not purport to be a complete analysis of all potential tax effects. The effects of other U.S. federal tax laws, such as estate and gift tax laws, and any applicable state, local or non-U.S. tax laws are not discussed. This discussion is based on the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder (the "Treasury Regulations"), judicial decisions, and published rulings and administrative pronouncements of the U.S. Internal Revenue Service ("IRS"), in each case in effect as of the date hereof. These authorities may change or be subject to differing interpretations. Any such change or differing interpretation may be applied retroactively in a manner that could adversely affect a holder of our common stock. We have not sought and will not seek an opinion of counsel or any rulings from the IRS regarding the matters discussed below. There can be no assurance the IRS or a court will not take a contrary position to that discussed below regarding the tax consequences of the reverse split.
This discussion is limited to holders that hold our common stock as "capital assets" within the meaning of Section 1221 of the Code (generally, property held for investment). This discussion does not address all aspects of U.S. federal income tax consequences relevant to such holders' particular circumstances, including the impact of the tax on net investment income imposed by Section 1411 of the Code. In addition, it does not address consequences relevant to holders subject to particular rules, including, without limitation: If an entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes holds our common stock, the tax treatment of a partner in the partnership will depend on the status of the partner, the activities of the partnership and certain determinations made at the partner level. Accordingly, partnerships holding our common stock and the partners in such partnerships should consult their tax advisors regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences to them.
THIS DISCUSSION IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY AND IS NOT INTENDED AS TAX ADVICE. HOLDERS OF OUR COMMON STOCK SHOULD CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISORS WITH RESPECT TO THE APPLICATION OF THE U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX LAWS TO THEIR PARTICULAR SITUATIONS AS WELL AS ANY TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE REVERSE STOCK SPLIT ARISING UNDER OTHER U.S. FEDERAL TAX LAWS (INCLUDING ESTATE AND GIFT TAX LAWS), UNDER THE LAWS OF ANY STATE, LOCAL OR NON-U.S. TAXING JURISDICTION OR UNDER ANY APPLICABLE TAX TREATY.
For purposes of the discussion below, a "U.S. Holder" is a beneficial owner of shares of our common stock that for U.S. federal income tax purposes is or is treated as: (1) an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States; (2) a corporation created or organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof, or the District of Columbia; (3) an estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income tax regardless of its source; or (4) a trust that (a) is subject to the primary supervision of a U.S. court and the control of one of more "United States persons" (within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code), or (b) has a valid election in effect to be treated as a United States person for U.S. federal income tax purposes. A reverse split should constitute a "recapitalization" for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a result, a U.S. Holder generally should not recognize gain or loss upon the reverse split, except with respect to cash received in lieu of a fractional share of our common stock. A U.S. Holder's aggregate tax basis in the shares of our common stock received pursuant to the reverse split should equal the aggregate tax basis of the shares of our common stock surrendered (excluding any portion of such basis that is allocated to any fractional share of our common stock), and such U.S. Holder's holding period in the shares of our common stock received should include the holding period in the shares of our common stock surrendered. Treasury Regulations provide detailed rules for allocating the tax basis and holding period of the shares of our common stock surrendered to the shares of our common stock received pursuant to the reverse split. Holders of shares of our common stock acquired on different dates and at different prices should consult their tax advisors regarding the allocation of the tax basis and holding period of such shares.
Information Reporting and Backup Withholding. A U.S. Holder (other than corporations and certain other exempt recipients) may be subject to information reporting and backup withholding when such holder receives cash in lieu of a fractional share of our common stock pursuant to the reverse split. A U.S. Holder will be subject to backup withholding if such holder is not otherwise exempt and such holder does not provide its taxpayer identification number in the manner required or otherwise fails to comply with applicable backup withholding tax rules. Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Any amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules may be refunded or allowed as a credit against the U.S. Holder's federal income tax liability, if any, provided the required information is timely furnished to the IRS. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding their qualification for an exemption from backup withholding and the procedures for obtaining such an exemption.
Dissenter's Rights
Under the Delaware General Corporation Law, our stockholders will not be entitled to dissenter's rights with respect to the Reverse Stock Split Amendment, and we do not intend to independently provide stockholders with any such right.
Vote Required
The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock is required to approve the Reverse Stock Split Proposal.
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE "FOR" APPROVAL OF THE REVERSE STOCK SPLIT PROPOSAL.
PROPOSAL THREE:
Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
The Audit Committee of our Board of Directors has appointed Cherry Bekaert LLP to serve as our independent registered public accounting firm and to audit our consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2018. Cherry Bekaert LLP does not expect to have a representative present at the Annual Meeting, but will be available via telephone to respond to questions from the Company's stockholders. 
 We are asking our stockholders to ratify the selection of Cherry Bekaert LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2018. Although ratification is not required by our By-laws or otherwise, the Board is submitting the selection of Cherry Bekaert LLP to our stockholders for ratification because we value our stockholders' views on our independent registered public accounting firm and as a matter of good corporate practice. In the event that our stockholders fail to ratify the selection, it will be considered as a direction to the Board of Directors and the Audit Committee to consider the selection of a different firm. Even if the selection is ratified, the Audit Committee in its discretion may select a different independent registered public accounting firm at any time during the year if it determines that such a change would be in our best interests and the best interests of our stockholders.  Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
The Audit Committee pre-approves all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm. These services may include audit services, audit-related services, tax services and other services.
Principal Accountant Fees and Services
As required by our Audit Committee charter, our Audit Committee pre-approved the engagement of Cherry Bekaert LLP for all audit and permissible non-audit services. The Audit Committee annually reviews the audit and permissible non-audit services performed by our principal accounting firm and reviews and approves the fees charged by our principal accounting firm. The Audit Committee has considered the role of Cherry Bekaert LLP in providing tax and audit services and other permissible non-audit services to us and has concluded that the provision of such services, if any, was compatible with the maintenance of such firm's independence in the conduct of its auditing functions.  
Aggregate fees for professional services rendered to the Company by Cherry Bekaert LLP ("Cherry") for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016 were as follows:
Audit Fees
Audit fees billed by Cherry, the Company's current independent registered public accounting firm, were for the audit of our annual consolidated financial statements, including any fees related to other filings with the SEC.
Audit-Related                                          Fees
There were audit-related fees billed or accrued during the Reported Periods. 
Tax Fees
There were no tax fees billed or accrued during the Reported Periods. 
All Other Fees
There were no other fees billed or accrued during the Reported Periods.
Vote Required
The proposal to ratify the Audit Committee's selection of Cherry Bekaert LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm will require the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the votes cast in person or proxy by the holders of the outstanding shares of common stock.  
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS 
A VOTE FOR THE ADOPTION OF PROPOSAL THREE PROPOSAL FOUR:
Approval of 2018 Equity Incentive Plan
Introduction
On February 1, 2018, our Board of Directors adopted our 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (the "Plan"), which authorizes the issuance of shares of common stock for grants of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, stock units, bonus stock, dividend equivalents, other stock related awards and performance awards that may be settled in cash, stock, or other property. The Plan initially authorized the issuance of up to 5,000,000 shares. On November 2, 2018, our Board amended the Plan to increase the number of shares authorized to be issued to up to 15,000,000 shares; provided that as of February 1 of each fiscal year commencing February 1, 2020 and ending on February 1, 2027, the number of shares available for all awards under the Plan shall automatically be increased by an amount equal to the lesser of (i) 5,000,000 shares of common stock or the equivalent of such number of shares after the plan administrator, in its sole discretion, has interpreted the effect of any stock split, stock dividend, combination, recapitalization or similar transaction in accordance with the terms of the Plan; (ii) 5% of the number of outstanding shares of common stock on such date; and (iii) an amount determined by the Board. The Reverse Stock Split Amendment, if approved and effected, will not reduce the number of shares available under the Plan.
The Board is submitting the Plan to stockholders for their approval at the Annual Meeting. The proposal to approve the Plan will require the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast in person or proxy by the holders of the outstanding shares of common stock.  
We adopted the Plan to provide a means by which employees, directors, and consultants of our Company and those of our subsidiaries and other designated affiliates, which we refer to together as our affiliates, may be given an opportunity to purchase our common stock, to assist in retaining the services of such persons, to secure and retain the services of persons capable of filling such positions, and to provide incentives for such persons to exert maximum efforts for our success and the success of our affiliates. The material features of the Plan are outlined below. This summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of the Plan. Stockholders are urged to read the actual text of the Plan in its entirety, which is set forth as Appendix B to this Proxy Statement.
Summary of the Plan 
Shares Available for Awards 
The total number of shares of our common stock that may be subject to awards under the Plan is 15,000,000 shares; provided that as of February 1 of each fiscal year commencing February 1, 2020 and ending on February 1, 2027, the number of shares available for all awards under the Plan shall automatically be increased by an amount equal to the lesser of (i) 5,000,000 shares of common stock or the equivalent of such number of shares after the plan administrator, in its sole discretion, has interpreted the effect of any stock split, stock dividend, combination, recapitalization or similar transaction in accordance with the terms of the Plan; (ii) 5% of the number of outstanding shares of common stock on such date; and (iii) an amount determined by the Board. Under the Plan, the terms and number of options or other awards to be granted in the future are to be determined in the discretion of the plan administrator. No determination has been made regarding awards or grants under the Plan, or as to the benefits or amounts that will be received by or allocated to our non-employee directors, executive officers and other eligible employees under the Plan. Our only other equity incentive plan is the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan under which a total of 1,575,000 shares have been issued, options to purchase 5,000 shares are outstanding and no shares remain available for grant.
Limitations on Awards
The plan administrator may, in its discretion, proportionately adjust the number of shares covered by each outstanding Award, and the number of shares which have been authorized for issuance under the Plan but as to which no Awards have yet been granted or which have been returned to the Plan, the exercise or purchase price of each such outstanding Award, as well as any other terms that the plan administrator determines require adjustment for (1) any increase or decrease in the number of issued shares resulting from a stock split, reverse stock split, stock dividend, combination or reclassification of the shares, (2) any other increase or decrease in the number of issued shares effected without receipt of consideration by the Company, or (3) as the plan administrator may determine in its discretion, any other transaction with respect to common stock to which Section 424(a) of the Internal revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), applies. Such adjustment shall be made by the plan administrator and its determination shall be final, binding and conclusive.  Eligibility
The persons eligible to receive awards under the Plan consist of officers, directors, employees, and consultants of our company and those of our affiliates. An employee on leave of absence may be considered as still in our employ or in the employ of an affiliate for purposes of eligibility under the Plan.
Administration
The Plan is administered by our Compensation Committee or other committee appointed by our Board of Directors, or in the absence of any such committee, the Board of Directors (together, our Board of Directors and any committee(s) delegated to administer the Plan, including the Compensation Committee, are referred to as the "plan administrator").  The Compensation Committee, or such other committee appointed from time to time by the Board of Directors to administer the Plan, is intended to consist of three or more Non-Employee Directors, each of whom will be, to the extent required by Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act and the rules of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, a non-employee director as defined in Rule 16b-3, an "outside director" as defined under Section 162(m) of the Code and an "independent" director within the meaning of NYSE American Rule 303A.02. If for any reason the plan administrator does not meet the requirements of Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act or Section 162(m) of the Code, the validity of the awards, grants, interpretation or other actions of the plan administrator will not be affected. The plan administrator has the full authority to select those individuals eligible to receive awards and the amount and type of awards. Subject to the terms of the Plan, the plan administrator is authorized to select eligible persons to receive awards, determine the type and number of awards to be granted and the number of shares of our common stock to which awards will relate, specify times at which awards will be exercisable or may be settled (including performance conditions that may be required as a condition thereof), set other terms and conditions of awards, prescribe forms of award agreements, interpret and specify rules and regulations relating to the Plan, and make all other determinations that may be necessary or advisable for the administration of the Plan. The plan administrator may amend the terms of outstanding awards, in its discretion; provided that any amendment that adversely affects the rights of the award recipient must receive the approval of such recipient.
Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights
The plan administrator is authorized to grant stock options, including both incentive stock options, which we refer to as ISOs, and non-qualified stock options. In addition, the plan administrator is authorized to grant stock appreciation rights, which entitle the participant to receive the appreciation in our common stock between the grant date and the exercise date of the stock appreciation right. The plan administrator determines the exercise or purchase price per share subject to an option and the grant price of a stock appreciation right. However, the per share exercise price of an ISO and a non-qualified stock option must not be less than 100% of the fair market value of a share of our common stock on the grant date; provided, however, that in the case of an ISO granted to an employee who owns more than 10% of the voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or affiliates, the exercise or purchase price must not be less than 110% of the fair market value of a share of our common stock on the grant date. The plan administrator generally will fix the maximum term of each option or stock appreciation right, the times at which each stock option or stock appreciation right will be exercisable, and provisions requiring forfeiture of unexercised stock options or stock appreciation rights at or following termination of employment or service, except that no ISO may have a term exceeding ten years. Stock options may be exercised by payment of the exercise price in any form of legal consideration specified by the plan administrator, including cash, shares and outstanding awards or other property having a fair market value equal to the exercise price. The plan administrator determines methods of exercise and settlement and other terms of the stock appreciation rights.   
Restricted Stock 
The plan administrator is authorized to grant restricted stock. Restricted stock is a grant of shares of our common stock, subject to restrictions on transfers, rights of first refusal, repurchase provisions, forfeiture provisions and other terms and conditions as may be established by the plan administrator. A grantee granted restricted stock generally has all of the rights of one of our shareholders, unless otherwise determined by the plan administrator.
Stock Based Awards 
The plan administrator is authorized to grant awards under the Plan that are denominated or payable in, valued by reference to, or otherwise based on or related to shares of our common stock. Such awards might include convertible or exchangeable debt securities, other rights convertible or exchangeable into shares of our common stock, purchase rights for shares of our common stock, awards with value and payment contingent upon our performance or any other factors designated by the plan administrator, and awards valued by reference to the book value of shares of our common stock or the value of securities of or the performance of specified subsidiaries or business units. The plan administrator determines the terms and conditions of such awards.
Performance Awards 
The plan administrator is authorized to grant awards which may be earned in whole or in part upon attainment of performance criteria and which may be settled for cash, shares of our common stock, other securities or a combination of cash, shares of our common stock or other securities. The right of a grantee to exercise or receive a grant or settlement of an award, and the timing thereof, may be subject to satisfaction of performance criteria, which may be based on any one, or combination of, the following factors: increase in share price, earnings per share, total shareholder return, return on equity, return on assets, return on investment, net operating income, cash flow, revenue, economic value added, or personal management objectives. Partial achievement of the specified criteria may result in a partial payment or vesting as specified in the award agreement.
Other Terms of Awards 
The plan administrator shall have the authority to determine the provisions, terms, and conditions of each award including, but not limited to, the award vesting schedule, repurchase provisions, rights of first refusal, forfeiture provisions, form of payment (cash, shares of our common stock, or other consideration) upon settlement of the award, payment contingencies, and satisfaction of any performance criteria. The plan administrator may establish one or more programs under the Plan to permit selected grantees the opportunity to elect to defer receipt of consideration upon exercise of an award, satisfaction of performance criteria, or other event that absent the election would entitle the grantee to payment or receipt of shares of our common stock or other consideration under an award. The plan administrator may establish the election procedures, the timing of such elections, the mechanisms for payments of, and accrual of interest or other earnings, if any, on amounts, shares of our common stock or other consideration so deferred, and such other terms, conditions, rules and procedures that the plan administrator deems advisable for the administration of any such deferral program.
The plan administrator may establish one or more programs under the Plan to permit selected grantees to exchange an award under the Plan for one or more other types of awards under the Plan on such terms and conditions as determined by the plan administrator from time to time. The plan administrator may establish one or more separate programs under the Plan for the purpose of issuing particular forms of awards to one or more classes of grantees on such terms and conditions as determined by the plan administrator from time to time.
Awards granted under the Plan generally may not be pledged or otherwise encumbered and are not transferable except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, or to a designated beneficiary upon the participant's death, except that the plan administrator may, in its discretion, permit transfers of nonqualified stock options for estate planning or other purposes subject to any applicable legal restrictions. The plan administrator may also provide that, in the event that a grantee terminates employment with the Company to assume a position with a governmental, charitable, educational or similar non-profit institution, a third party, including but not limited to a "blind" trust, may be authorized by the plan administrator to act on behalf of and for the benefit of the respective grantee with respect to any outstanding awards. Acceleration of Vesting; Change in Control
The plan administrator shall have the authority, exercisable either in advance of any actual or anticipated corporate transaction (as defined in the Plan) or at the time of an actual corporate transaction and exercisable at the time of the grant of an award under the Plan or any time while an Award remains outstanding, to provide for the full automatic vesting and exercisability of one or more outstanding unvested awards under the Plan and the release from restrictions on transfer and repurchase or forfeiture rights of such Awards in connection with a corporate transaction, on such terms and conditions as the plan administrator may specify. The plan administrator also shall have the authority to condition any such award vesting and exercisability or release from such limitations upon the subsequent termination of the continuous service of the grantee within a specified period following the effective date of the corporate transaction. Effective upon the consummation of a corporate transaction, all outstanding awards under the Plan shall remain fully exercisable until the expiration or sooner termination of the award.
Amendment and Termination
Our Board of Directors may amend, alter, suspend, discontinue, or terminate the Plan, except stockholder approval shall be obtained for any amendment or alteration if such approval is required by law or regulation or under the rules of any stock exchange or quotation system on which shares of our common stock are then listed or quoted. No award may be granted during any suspension of the Plan or after termination of the Plan. Any amendment, suspension or termination of the Plan shall not affect Awards already granted, and such awards shall remain in full force and effect as if the Plan had not been amended, suspended or terminated, unless mutually agreed otherwise between the grantee and the plan administrator, which agreement must be in writing and signed by the grantee and the Company. 
Unless earlier terminated by our Board of Directors, the Plan will terminate ten years after its adoption by our Board of Directors. 
Federal Income Tax Consequences of Awards 
The information set forth herein is a summary only and does not purport to be complete. In addition, the information is based upon current federal income tax rules and therefore is subject to change when those rules change. Moreover, because the tax consequences to any recipient may depend on his or her particular situation, each recipient should consult the recipient's tax adviser regarding the federal, state, local, and other tax consequences of the grant or exercise of an award or the disposition of stock acquired as a result of an award. The Plan is not qualified under the provisions of Section 401(a) of the Code and is not subject to any of the provisions of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974.
Nonqualified                                          Stock Options
Generally, there is no taxation upon the grant of a nonqualified stock option where the option is granted with an exercise price equal to the fair market value of the underlying stock on the grant date. On exercise, an optionee will recognize ordinary income equal to the excess, if any, of the fair market value on the date of exercise of the stock over the exercise price. If the optionee is our employee or an employee of an affiliate, that income will be subject to withholding tax. The optionee's tax basis in those shares will be equal to their fair market value on the date of exercise of the option, and the optionee's capital gain holding period for those shares will begin on that date. Incentive Stock Options
The Plan provides for the grant of stock options that qualify as "incentive stock options," which we refer to as ISOs, as defined in Section 422 of the Code. Under the Code, an optionee generally is not subject to ordinary income tax upon the grant or exercise of an ISO. In addition, if the optionee holds a share received on exercise of an ISO for at least two years from the date the option was granted and at least one year from the date the option was exercised, which we refer to as the Required Holding Period, the difference, if any, between the amount realized on a sale or other taxable disposition of that share and the holder's tax basis in that share will be long-term capital gain or loss.
If, however, an optionee disposes of a share acquired on exercise of an ISO before the end of the Required Holding Period, which we refer to as a Disqualifying Disposition, the optionee generally will recognize ordinary income in the year of the Disqualifying Disposition equal to the excess, if any, of the fair market value of the share on the date the ISO was exercised over the exercise price. However, if the sales proceeds are less than the fair market value of the share on the date of exercise of the option, the amount of ordinary income recognized by the optionee will not exceed the gain, if any, realized on the sale. If the amount realized on a Disqualifying Disposition exceeds the fair market value of the share on the date of exercise of the option, that excess will be short-term or long-term capital gain, depending on whether the holding period for the share exceeds one year.
For purposes of the alternative minimum tax, the amount by which the fair market value of a share of stock acquired on exercise of an ISO exceeds the exercise price of that option generally will be an adjustment included in the optionee's alternative minimum taxable income for the year in which the option is exercised. If, however, there is a Disqualifying Disposition of the share in the year in which the option is exercised, there will be no adjustment for alternative minimum tax purposes with respect to that share. If there is a Disqualifying Disposition in a later year, no income with respect to the Disqualifying Disposition is included in the optionee's alternative minimum taxable income for that year. In computing alternative minimum taxable income, the tax basis of a share acquired on exercise of an ISO is increased by the amount of the adjustment taken into account with respect to that share for alternative minimum tax purposes in the year the option is exercised. 
We are not allowed an income tax deduction with respect to the grant or exercise of an incentive stock option or the disposition of a share acquired on exercise of an incentive stock option after the Required Holding Period. However, if there is a Disqualifying Disposition of a share, we are allowed a deduction in an amount equal to the ordinary income includible in income by the optionee, provided that amount constitutes an ordinary and necessary business expense for us and is reasonable in amount, and either the employee includes that amount in income or we timely satisfy our reporting requirements with respect to that amount. 
 Stock Awards
Generally, the recipient of a stock award will recognize ordinary compensation income at the time the stock is received equal to the excess, if any, of the fair market value of the stock received over any amount paid by the recipient in exchange for the stock. If, however, the stock is not vested when it is received (for example, if the employee is required to work for a period of time in order to have the right to sell the stock), the recipient generally will not recognize income until the stock becomes vested, at which time the recipient will recognize ordinary compensation income equal to the excess, if any, of the  fair market value of the stock on the date it becomes vested over any amount paid by the recipient in exchange for the stock. A recipient may, however, file an election with the Internal Revenue Service, within 30 days of his or her receipt of the stock award, to recognize ordinary compensation income, as of the date the recipient receives the award, equal to the excess, if any, of the fair market value of the stock on the date the award is granted over any amount paid by the recipient in exchange for the stock. 
               The recipient's basis for the determination of gain or loss upon the subsequent disposition of shares acquired from stock awards will be the amount paid for such shares plus any ordinary income recognized either when the stock is received or when the stock becomes vested.  Stock Appreciation Rights 
We may grant stock appreciation rights separate from any other award, which we refer to as stand-alone stock appreciation rights, or in tandem with options.
With respect to stand-alone stock appreciation rights, where the rights are granted with a strike price equal to the fair market value of the underlying stock on the grant date and the recipient receives the appreciation inherent in the stock appreciation rights in shares of stock, the recipient will recognize ordinary compensation income equal to the excess of the fair market value of the stock on the day it is received over any amounts paid by the recipient for the stock.
With respect to stand-alone stock appreciation rights, if the recipient receives the appreciation inherent in the stock appreciation rights in cash or the strike price of the rights is less than the fair market value of the underlying stock on the grant date (whether the appreciation is paid in cash or stock), the cash or stock will be taxable as ordinary compensation income to the recipient at the time that the payment is received, so long as the payment may only be received upon one of the following events: a fixed calendar date, separation from service, death, disability or a change of control. If delivery occurs on another date, the taxable event will be on the date the stock appreciation right is vested and there will be an additional twenty percent excise tax and interest on any taxes owed.
At this time, due to the complex and unfavorable tax consequences, we do not plan on granting any tandem stock appreciation rights.
Dividend Equivalent Rights 
Generally, the recipient of an award consisting of dividend equivalent rights will recognize ordinary compensation income each time a dividend is paid pursuant to the dividend equivalent rights award equal to the fair market value of the dividend received. If the dividends are deferred, additional requirements must be met to ensure that the dividend is taxable upon actual delivery of the shares, instead of the grant of the dividend.
Vote Required
The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote on Proposal Four at the Annual Meeting will be required to approve Proposal Four.  
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR 
THE ADOPTION OF THE AMENDED AND RESTATED 2018 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
PROPOSAL FIVE:
Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation
We are asking stockholders to approve an advisory resolution on the Company's 2017 executive compensation as reported in this proxy statement.
We urge stockholders to read the "Executive Compensation" section in this proxy statement, including the Summary Compensation Table and other related compensation tables and narrative included therein, which provide detailed information on the compensation of our named executive officers.
In accordance with Section 14A of the Exchange Act, and as a matter of good corporate governance, we are asking stockholders to approve the following advisory resolution: "RESOLVED, that the stockholders of One Horizon Group., Inc. (the "Company") approve, on an advisory basis, the 2017 compensation of the Company's named executive officers disclosed in the Executive Compensation section of the Company's proxy statement."
This advisory resolution, commonly referred to as a "say-on-pay" resolution, is non-binding on the Board of Directors. Although non-binding, the Board and the Compensation Committee will review and consider the voting results when making future decisions regarding our executive compensation program.
Vote Required
The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote on Proposal Five at the Annual Meeting will be required to approve Proposal Five.
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THE APPROVAL OF THE ADVISORY RESOLUTION ON EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
PROPOSAL SIX:
Adjournment Proposal
Adjournment of the Annual Meeting
We are asking our stockholders to approve a proposal to approve one or more adjournments of the Annual Meeting to a later date or dates if necessary or appropriate to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes to approve any of the proposals at the time of the Annual Meeting or if we do not have a quorum at the Annual Meeting. If our stockholders approve this adjournment proposal, we could adjourn the Annual Meeting and any reconvened session of the Annual Meeting and use the additional time to solicit additional proxies, including the solicitation of proxies from stockholders that have previously returned properly executed proxies voting against approval of any of the proposals. Among other things, approval of this adjournment proposal could mean that, even if we had received proxies representing a sufficient number of votes against approval of a proposal such that the proposal would be defeated, we could adjourn the Annual Meeting without a vote on the approval of such proposal and seek to convince the holders of those shares to change their votes to votes in favor of approval of such proposal. Additionally, we may seek to adjourn the Annual Meeting if a quorum is not present at the Annual Meeting.
Our Board of Directors believes that it is in the best interests of our company and our stockholders to be able to adjourn the Annual Meeting to a later date or dates if necessary or appropriate for the purpose of soliciting additional proxies in respect of the approval of any of the proposals if there are insufficient votes to approve such proposal at the time of the Annual Meeting or in the absence of a quorum.
 Vote Required 
The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote on Proposal Six at the Annual Meeting will be required to approve Proposal Six.
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THE ADJOURNMENT PROPOSAL STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS
Stockholders wishing to include proposals in the proxy materials in relation to our 2019 Annual Meeting of Stockholders must submit the same in writing, by mail, first-class postage pre-paid, to One Horizon Group, Inc., 34 South Molton Street, London W1K 5RG, United Kingdom, Attention: Corporate Secretary, which must be received at our executive office on or before July 31, 2019 (unless we hold our annual meeting more than 30 days earlier next year, in which case the deadline will be a reasonable period of time prior to the date we begin to print and send our proxy materials for the annual meeting).
Our Board of Directors will review any stockholder proposals that are filed as required and, with the assistance of our Corporate Secretary, will determine whether such proposals meet the criteria prescribed by Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act for inclusion in our 2019 proxy solicitation materials or consideration at the 2018 Annual Meeting. If the stockholder does not also comply with the requirements of Rule 14a-4(c) under the Exchange Act, we may exercise discretionary voting authority under proxies we solicit to vote in accordance with our best judgment on any such stockholder proposal or nomination.
OTHER MATTERS
Our Board of Directors does not know of any matter to be brought before the Annual Meeting other than the matters set forth in the Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders and matters incident to the conduct of the Annual Meeting. If any other matter should properly come before the Annual Meeting, the persons named in the enclosed proxy card will have discretionary authority to vote all proxies with respect thereto in accordance with their best judgment.
ANNUAL REPORT
A copy of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 (the "2017 Form 10-K") is enclosed with this Proxy Statement and is available on our website (http://www.onehorizongroup.com). We will provide copies of the exhibits to the 2017 Form 10-K upon payment of a nominal fee to cover the reasonable expenses of providing those exhibits. Requests should be directed to our Corporate Secretary by phone at +44(0)20 7409 5248 or by mail to One Horizon Group, Inc., 34 South Molton Street, London W1K 5RG, United Kingdom. The 2017 Form 10-K and the exhibits thereto also are available free of charge from the SEC's website (http://, www.sec.gov.). The Annual Report is not to be considered as proxy solicitation material. 
[BEGIN TABLE]
  President                                           and Chief Executive Officer  
[END TABLE]
November 28, 2018 Appendix A
CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT 
TO 
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION 
OF 
ONE HORIZON GROUP, INC.
Under Section 242 of the Delaware General Corporation Law
One Horizon Group, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the state of Delaware (the "Corporation"), hereby certifies as follows:
The Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation is hereby amended as follows:
Paragraph one (1) of Article Fourth is hereby amended to add the following paragraph thereto:
Reverse Split. Upon this Certificate of Amendment becoming effective pursuant to the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the "Second Effective Time"), each share of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Second Effective Time (the "Second Old Common Stock") shall be automatically reclassified as and converted into [1/2 to 1/50] of a fully paid and non-assessable share of Common Stock (the "Second New Common Stock"). No fractional shares of the Second New Common Stock shall be issued in connection with the Second Reverse Stock Split. In lieu of any fractional shares of the Second New Common Stock that would be issued in connection with the Second Reverse Stock Split, the Board may elect to pay cash in lieu of any fractional shares. Any stock certificate that, immediately prior to the Second Effective Time, represented shares of the Second Old Common Stock, shall from and after the Second Effective Time, automatically and without the necessity of presenting the same for exchange, represent that number of whole shares of Second New Common Stock into which such shares of Second Old Common Stock shall have been reclassified pursuant to this Certificate of Amendment.
The forgoing amendment has been duly adopted in accordance with the provisions of Section 242 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware by the vote of a majority of each class of outstanding stock of the corporation entitled to vote thereon.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused this certificate to be executed by its duly authorized officer this ____ day of _______ 2019.
Appendix B
ONE HORIZON GROUP, INC. 
AMENDED AND RESTATED 2018 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
1. Purposes of the Plan.
The purposes of this Equity Incentive Plan are to attract and retain the best available personnel, to provide additional incentive to Employees, Directors and Consultants and to promote the success of the Company's business.
2. Definitions.
As used herein, the following definitions shall apply:
(a) "Administrator" means the Board or any Committee appointed to administer the Plan.
(b) "Affiliate" and "Associate" shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in Rule 12b-2 promulgated under the Exchange Act.
(c) "Applicable Laws" means the legal requirements relating to the administration of stock incentive plans, if any, under applicable provisions of federal securities laws, state corporate and securities laws, the Code, the rules of any applicable stock exchange or national market system, and the rules of any foreign jurisdiction applicable to Awards granted to residents therein.
(d) "Award" means the grant of an Option, SAR, Dividend Equivalent Right, Restricted Stock, Performance Unit, Performance Share, or other right or benefit under the Plan.
(e) "Award Agreement" means the written agreement evidencing the grant of an Award executed by the Company and the Grantee, including any amendments thereto.
(f) "Board" means the Board of Directors of the Company.
(g) "Cause" means, with respect to the termination by the Company or a Related Entity of the Grantee's Continuous Service, that such termination is for "Cause" as such term is expressly defined in a then-effective written agreement between the Grantee and the Company or such Related Entity, or in the absence of such then-effective written agreement and definition, is based on, in the determination of the Administrator, the Grantee's:
(i) refusal or failure to act in accordance with any specific, lawful direction or order of the Company or a Related Entity;
(ii) unfitness or unavailability for service or unsatisfactory performance (other than as a result of Disability);
(iii) performance of any act or failure to perform any act, in bad faith and to the detriment of the Company or a Related Entity;
(iv) dishonesty, intentional misconduct or material breach of any agreement with the Company or a Related Entity; or
(v)                                          commission of a crime involving dishonesty, breach of trust, or physical or emotional                                          harm to any person.
(h) "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
(i) "Committee" means any committee appointed by the Board to administer the Plan.
B-  
(j) "Common Stock" means the common stock of the Company.
(k) "Company" means One Horizon Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation.
(l) "Consultant" means any person (other than an Employee or a Director, solely with respect to rendering services in such person's capacity as a Director) who is engaged by the Company or any Related Entity to render consulting or advisory services to the Company or such Related Entity.
(m) "Continuous Service" means that the provision of services to the Company or a Related Entity in any capacity of Employee, Director or Consultant, is not interrupted or terminated. Continuous Service shall not be considered interrupted in the case of (i) any leave of absence approved by the Company or Related Entity, (ii) transfers between locations of the Company or among the Company, any Related Entity, or any successor, in any capacity of Employee, Director or Consultant, or (iii) any change in status as long as the individual remains in the service of the Company or a Related Entity in any capacity of Employee, Director or Consultant (except as otherwise provided in the Award Agreement). For purposes of Incentive Stock Options, no such approved leave of absence may exceed ninety (90) days, unless re-employment upon expiration of such leave is guaranteed by statute or contract.
(n) "Corporate Transaction" means any of the following transactions:
(i) a merger or consolidation in which the Company is not the surviving entity, except for a transaction the principal purpose of which is to change the state in which the Company is incorporated;
(ii) the sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company (including the capital stock of the Company's subsidiary corporations) in connection with the complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company;
(iii) any reverse merger in which the Company is the surviving entity but in which securities possessing more than eighty percent (80%) of the total combined voting power of the Company's outstanding securities are transferred to a person or persons different from those who held such securities immediately prior to such merger; or
(iv) an acquisition by any person or related group of persons (other than the Company or by a Company-sponsored employee benefit plan) of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act) of securities possessing more than eighty percent (80%) of the total combined voting power of the Company's outstanding securities, but excluding any such transaction that the Administrator determines shall not be a Corporate Transaction.
(o) "Director" means a member of the Board or the board of directors of any Related Entity.
(p) "Disability" means that a Grantee is permanently unable to carry out the responsibilities and functions of the position held by the Grantee by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment. A Grantee will not be considered to have incurred a Disability unless he or she furnishes proof of such impairment sufficient to satisfy the Administrator in its discretion.
(q)                                          "Dividend Equivalent Right" means a right entitling the Grantee to compensation                                          measured by dividends paid with respect to Common Stock.
(r) "Employee" means any person, including an Officer or Director, who is an employee of the Company or any Related Entity. The payment of a director's fee by the Company or a Related Entity shall not be sufficient to constitute "employment" by the Company.
(s) "Exchange Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
B- (t) "Fair Market Value" means, as of any date, the value of Common Stock determined as follows: (i) Where there exists a public market for the Common Stock, the Fair Market Value shall be (A) the closing price for a Share for the last market trading day prior to the time of the determination (or, if no closing price was reported on that date, on the last trading date on which a closing price was reported) on the stock exchange or national market system determined by the Administrator to be the primary market for the Common Stock, or (B) if the Common Stock is not traded on any such exchange or national market system, the average of the closing bid and asked prices of a share on the OTC Bulletin Board or other inter-dealer quotation service for the day prior to the time of the determination (or, if no such prices were reported on that date, on the last date on which such prices were reported), in each case, as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other source as the Administrator deems reliable; or (ii) in the absence of an established market for the Common Stock of the type described in subparagraph (i), above, the Fair Market Value shall be determined by the Administrator in good faith.
(u) "Grantee" means an Employee, Director or Consultant who receives an Award pursuant to an Award Agreement under the Plan.
(v) "Incentive Stock Option" means an Option intended to qualify as an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code.
(w) "Non-Qualified Stock Option" means an Option not intended to qualify as an Incentive Stock Option.
(x) "Officer" means a person who is an officer of the Company or a Related Entity within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
(y) "Option" means an option to purchase Shares pursuant to an Award Agreement granted under the Plan.
(z) "Parent" means a "parent corporation", whether now or hereafter existing, as defined in Section 424(e) of the Code.
(aa) "Performance Shares" means Shares or an Award denominated in Shares which may be earned in whole or in part upon attainment of performance criteria established by the Administrator.
(bb) "Performance Units" means an Award which may be earned in whole or in part upon attainment of performance criteria established by the Administrator and which may be settled for cash, Shares or other securities or a combination of cash, Shares or other securities as established by the Administrator.
(cc) "Plan" means this 2018 Equity Incentive Plan.
(dd) "Related Entity" means any Parent, Subsidiary and any business, corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity in which the Company, a Parent or a Subsidiary holds a substantial ownership interest, directly or indirectly.
(ee)                                          "Restricted Stock" means Shares issued under the Plan to the Grantee for                                          such consideration, if any, and subject to such restrictions on transfer, rights of first                                          refusal, repurchase provisions, forfeiture provisions, and other terms and conditions                                          as established by the Administrator.
(ff) "Rule 16b-3" means Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act or any successor thereto.
(gg) "SAR" means a stock appreciation right entitling the Grantee to Shares or cash compensation, as established by the Administrator, measured by appreciation in the value of Common Stock.
(hh) "Share" means a share of the Common Stock.
(ii) "Subsidiary" means a "subsidiary corporation", whether now or hereafter existing, as defined in Section 424(f) of the Code.
B-3
(jj) "Related Entity Disposition" means the sale, distribution or other disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company's interests in any Related Entity effected by a sale, merger or consolidation or other transaction involving that Related Entity or the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of that Related Entity.
3. Stock Subject to the Plan.
(a) Subject to the provisions of Section 10, below, the maximum aggregate number of Shares which may be issued pursuant to all Awards (including Incentive Stock Options) is 15,000,000 Shares (the "Share Reserve"); provided, however, the Share Reserve shall be increased on February 1 of each fiscal year commencing February 1, 2020 and ending on February 1, 2027, by an amount equal to the lesser of (i) 5,000,000 shares of Common Stock or the equivalent of such number of shares after the plan administrator, in its sole discretion, has interpreted the effect of any stock split, stock dividend, combination, recapitalization or similar transaction in accordance with Section 10(a) hereof; (ii) 5% of the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock on such date; and (iii) an amount determined by the Board. The Shares to be issued pursuant to Awards may be authorized, but unissued, or reacquired Common Stock.
(b) Any Shares covered by an Award (or portion of an Award) which is forfeited or canceled, expires or is settled in cash, shall be deemed not to have been issued for purposes of determining the maximum aggregate number of Shares which may be issued under the Plan. If any unissued Shares are retained by the Company upon exercise of an Award in order to satisfy the exercise price for such Award or any withholding taxes due with respect to such Award, such retained Shares subject to such Award shall become available for future issuance under the Plan (unless the Plan has terminated). Shares that actually have been issued under the Plan pursuant to an Award shall not be returned to the Plan and shall not become available for future issuance under the Plan, except that if unvested Shares are forfeited, or repurchased by the Company at their original purchase price, such Shares shall become available for future grant under the Plan.
4. Administration of the Plan.
(a) Plan Administrator.
(i) Administration with Respect to Directors and Officers. With respect to grants of Awards to Directors or Employees who are also Officers or Directors of the Company, the Plan shall be administered by (A) the Board or (B) a Committee designated by the Board, which Committee shall be constituted in such a manner as to satisfy the Applicable Laws and to permit such grants and related transactions under the Plan to be exempt from Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act in accordance with Rule 16b-3. Once appointed, such Committee shall continue to serve in its designated capacity until otherwise directed by the Board.
(ii) Administration with Respect to Consultants and Other Employees. With respect to grants of Awards to Employees or Consultants who are neither Directors nor Officers of the Company, the Plan shall be administered by (A) the Board or (B) a Committee designated by the Board, which Committee shall be constituted in such a manner as to satisfy the Applicable Laws. Once appointed, such Committee shall continue to serve in its designated capacity until otherwise directed by the Board. The Board may authorize one or more Officers to grant such Awards and may limit such authority as the Board determines from time to time. Except for the power to amend the Plan as provided in Section 13 and except for determinations regarding Employees who are subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act or certain key Employees who are, or may become, as determined by the Board or the Committee, subject to Section 162(m) of the Code compensation deductibility limit, and except as may otherwise be required under applicable stock exchange rules, the Board or the Committee may delegate any or all of its duties, powers and authority under the Plan pursuant to such conditions or limitations as the Board or the Committee may establish to any Officer or Officers of the Company
B-4
(iii) Administration Errors. In the event an Award is granted in a manner inconsistent with the provisions of this subsection, such Award shall be presumptively valid as of its grant date to the extent permitted by Applicable Laws.
(b) Powers of the Administrator. Subject to Applicable Laws and the provisions of the Plan (including any other powers given to the Administrator hereunder), and except as otherwise provided by the Board, the Administrator shall have the authority, in its discretion:
(i) to select the Employees, Directors and Consultants to whom Awards may be granted from time to time hereunder;
(ii) to determine whether and to what extent Awards are granted hereunder;
(iii) to determine the number of Shares or the amount of other consideration to be covered by each Award granted hereunder;
(iv) to approve forms of Award Agreements for use under the Plan;
(v) to determine the terms and conditions of any Award granted hereunder;
(vi) to amend the terms of any outstanding Award granted under the Plan, provided that any amendment that would adversely affect the Grantee's rights under an outstanding Award shall not be made without the Grantee's written consent;
(vii) to construe and interpret the terms of the Plan and Awards granted pursuant to the Plan, including without limitation, any notice of Award or Award Agreement, granted pursuant to the Plan;
(viii) to establish additional terms, conditions, rules or procedures to accommodate the rules or laws of applicable foreign jurisdictions and to afford Grantees favorable treatment under such laws; provided, however, that no Award shall be granted under any such additional terms, conditions, rules or procedures with terms or conditions which are inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan; and
(ix) to take such other action, not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan, as the Administrator deems appropriate.
(c) Effect of Administrator's Decision. All decisions, determinations and interpretations of the Administrator shall be conclusive and binding on all persons.
5. Eligibility, Awards other than Incentive Stock Options may be granted to Employees, Directors and Consultants. Incentive Stock Options may be granted only to Employees of the Company, a Parent or a Subsidiary. An Employee, Director or Consultant who has been granted an Award may, if otherwise eligible, be granted additional Awards. Awards may be granted to Employees, Directors or Consultants who are residing in foreign jurisdictions.
B-5
6. Terms and Conditions of Awards.
(a) Type of Awards. The Administrator is authorized under the Plan to award any type of arrangement to an Employee, Director or Consultant that is not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan and that by its terms involves or might involve the issuance of (i) Shares, (ii) an Option, a SAR or similar right with a fixed or variable price related to the Fair Market Value of the Shares and with an exercise or conversion privilege related to the passage of time, the occurrence of one or more events, or the satisfaction of performance criteria or other conditions, or (iii) any other security with the value derived from the value of the Shares. Such awards include, without limitation, Options, SARs, sales or bonuses of Restricted Stock, Dividend Equivalent Rights, Performance Units or Performance Shares, and an Award may consist of one such security or benefit, or two (2) or more of them in any combination or alternative.
(b) Designation of Award. Each Award shall be designated in the Award Agreement. In the case of an Option, the Option shall be designated as either an Incentive Stock Option or a Non-Qualified Stock Option. However, notwithstanding such designation, to the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value of Shares subject to Options designated as Incentive Stock Options which become exercisable for the first time by a Grantee during any calendar year (under all plans of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary) exceeds $100,000, such excess Options, to the extent of the Shares covered thereby in excess of the foregoing limitation, shall be treated as Non-Qualified Stock Options. For this purpose, Incentive Stock Options shall be taken into account in the order in which they were granted, and the Fair Market Value of the Shares shall be determined as of the date the Option with respect to such Shares is granted.
(c) Conditions of Award. Subject to the terms of the Plan, the Administrator shall determine the provisions, terms, and conditions of each Award including, but not limited to, the Award vesting schedule, repurchase provisions, rights of first refusal, forfeiture provisions, form of payment (cash, Shares, or other consideration, including cashless exercise) upon settlement of the Award, payment contingencies, and satisfaction of any performance criteria. The performance criteria established by the Administrator may be based on any one of, or combination of, increase in share price, earnings per share, total stockholder return, return on equity, return on assets, return on investment, net operating income, cash flow, revenue, economic value added, personal management objectives, or other measure of performance selected by the Administrator. Partial achievement of the specified criteria may result in a partial payment or vesting as specified in the Award Agreement.
(d) Acquisitions and Other Transactions. The Administrator may issue Awards under the Plan in settlement, assumption or substitution for, outstanding awards or obligations to grant future awards in connection with the Company or a Related Entity acquiring another entity, an interest in another entity or an additional interest in a Related Entity whether by merger, stock purchase, asset purchase or other form of transaction.
(e) Deferral of Award Payment. The Administrator may establish one or more programs under the Plan to permit selected Grantees the opportunity to elect to defer receipt of consideration upon exercise of an Award, satisfaction of performance criteria, or other event that absent the election would entitle the Grantee to payment or receipt of Shares or other consideration under an Award. The Administrator may establish the election procedures, the timing of such elections, the mechanisms for payments of, and accrual of interest or other earnings, if any, on amounts, Shares or other consideration so deferred, and such other terms, conditions, rules and procedures that the Administrator deems advisable for the administration of any such deferral program.
(f) Award Exchange Programs. The Administrator may establish one or more programs under the Plan to permit selected Grantees to exchange an Award under the Plan for one or more other types of Awards under the Plan on such terms and conditions as determined by the Administrator from time to time.
(g) Separate Programs. The Administrator may establish one or more separate programs under the Plan for the purpose of issuing particular forms of Awards to one or more classes of Grantees on such terms and conditions as determined by the Administrator from time to time.
B-6
(h) Early Exercise. The Award Agreement may, but need not, include a provision whereby the Grantee may elect at any time while an Employee, Director or Consultant to exercise any part or all of the Award prior to full vesting of the Award. Any unvested Shares received pursuant to such exercise may be subject to a repurchase right in favor of the Company or a Related Entity or to any other restriction the Administrator determines to be appropriate.
(i) Term of Award. The term of each Award shall be the term stated in the Award Agreement, provided, however, that the term of an Incentive Stock Option shall be no more than ten (10) years from the date of grant thereof. However, in the case of an Incentive Stock Option granted to a Grantee who, at the time the Option is granted, owns stock representing more than ten percent (10%) of the voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary, the term of the Incentive Stock Option shall be five (5) years from the date of grant thereof or such shorter term as may be provided in the Award Agreement.
(j) Transferability of Awards. Except as otherwise provided in this Section, all Awards under the Plan shall be nontransferable and shall not be assignable, alienable, saleable or otherwise transferable by the Grantee other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution except pursuant to a domestic relations order entered by a court of competent jurisdiction. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, the Board or the Committee may provide that any Award of Non-Qualified Stock Options may be transferable by the recipient to family members or family trusts established by the Grantee. The Board or the Committee may also provide that, in the event that a Grantee terminates employment with the Company to assume a position with a governmental, charitable, educational or similar non-profit institution, a third party, including but not limited to a "blind" trust, may be authorized by the Board or the Committee to act on behalf of and for the benefit of the respective Grantee with respect to any outstanding Awards. Except as otherwise provided in this Section, during the life of the Grantee, Awards under the Plan shall be exercisable only by him or her except as otherwise determined by the Board or the Committee. In addition, if so permitted by the Board or the Committee, a Grantee may designate a beneficiary or beneficiaries to exercise the rights of the Grantee and receive any distributions under the Plan upon the death of the Grantee.
(k) Time of Granting Awards. The date of grant of an Award shall for all purposes be the date on which the Administrator makes the determination to grant such Award, or such other date as is determined by the Administrator. Notice of the grant determination shall be given to each Employee, Director or Consultant to whom an Award is so granted within a reasonable time after the date of such grant.
7. Award Exercise or Purchase Price, Consideration, Taxes and Reload Options.
(a) Exercise or Purchase Price. The exercise or purchase price, if any, for an Award shall be as follows:
(i) In the case of an Incentive Stock Option: (A) granted to an Employee who, at the time of the grant of such Incentive Stock Option owns stock representing more than ten percent (10%) of the voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary, the per Share exercise price shall be not less than one hundred ten percent (110%) of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant; or (B) granted to any Employee other than an Employee described in the preceding clause, the per Share exercise price shall be not less than one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant.
(ii) In the case of a Non-Qualified Stock Option, the per Share exercise price shall be not less than one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant unless otherwise determined by the Administrator.
(iii) In the case of other Awards, such price as is determined by the Administrator.
(iv) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 7(a),in the case of an Award issued pursuant to Section 6(d), above, the exercise or purchase price for the Award shall be determined in accordance with the principles of Section 424(a) of the Code.
B-7
(b) Consideration. Subject to Applicable Laws, the consideration to be paid for the Shares to be issued upon exercise or purchase of an Award including the method of payment, shall be determined by the Administrator (and, in the case of an Incentive Stock Option, shall be determined at the time of grant). In addition to any other types of consideration the Administrator may determine, the Administrator is authorized to accept as consideration for Shares issued under the Plan the following, provided that the portion of the consideration equal to the par value of the Shares must be paid in cash or other legal consideration permitted by the applicable laws of the jurisdiction in which the Company is then incorporated.
(i) cash;
(ii) check;
(iii) delivery of Grantee's promissory note with such recourse, interest, security, and redemption provisions as the Administrator determines is appropriate;
(iv) surrender of Shares or delivery of a properly executed form of attestation of ownership of Shares as the Administrator may require including withholding of Shares otherwise deliverable upon exercise of the Award) which have a Fair Market Value on the date of surrender or attestation equal to the aggregate exercise price of the Shares as to which said Award shall be exercised (but only to the extent that such exercise of the Award would not result in an accounting compensation charge with respect to the Shares used to pay the exercise price unless otherwise determined by the Administrator);
(v) with respect to options, payment through a broker-dealer sale and remittance procedure pursuant to which the Grantee (A) shall provide written instructions to a Company designated brokerage firm to effect the immediate sale of some or all of the purchased Shares and remit to the Company, out of the sale proceeds available on the settlement date, sufficient funds to cover the aggregate exercise price payable for the purchased Shares and (B) shall provide written directives to the Company to deliver the certificates for the purchased Shares directly to such brokerage firm in order to complete the sale transaction; or
(vi) with respect to options provided there is then an established market for the Common Stock, by a "cashless exercise" as a result of which the Grantee shall be entitled to receive that number of shares of Common Stock equal to the quotient of (i) the number of Options surrendered for exercise and (ii) the difference between the Fair Market Value (determined in accordance with clause (i) of Section 2(t) hereof) and the exercise price of the Option, in which case the number of Options surrendered for exercise shall be cancelled;
(vii) any combination of the foregoing methods of payment.
(c) Taxes. No Shares shall be delivered under the Plan to any Grantee or other person until such Grantee or other person has made arrangements acceptable to the Administrator for the satisfaction of any foreign, federal, state, or local income and employment tax withholding obligations, including, without limitation, obligations incident to the receipt of Shares or the disqualifying disposition of Shares received on exercise of an Incentive Stock Option. Upon exercise of an Award, the Company shall withhold or collect from Grantee an amount sufficient to satisfy such tax obligations.
(d) Reload Options. In the event the exercise price or tax withholding of an Option is satisfied by the Company or the Grantee's employer withholding Shares otherwise deliverable to the Grantee, the Administrator may issue the Grantee an additional Option, with terms identical to the Award Agreement under which the Option was exercised, but at an exercise price as determined by the Administrator in accordance with the Plan.
B-8
8. Exercise of Award.
(a) Procedure for Exercise; Rights as a Stockholder.
(i) Any Award granted hereunder shall be exercisable at such times and under such conditions as determined by the Administrator under the terms of the Plan and specified in the Award Agreement.
(ii) An Award shall be deemed to be exercised upon the later of (x) receipt by the Company of written notice of such exercise in accordance with the terms of the Award by the person entitled to exercise the Award and (y) full payment for the Shares with respect to which the Award is exercised, including, to the extent selected, use of the broker-dealer sale and remittance procedure to pay the purchase price as provided in Section 7(b)(v).
(iii) Until the issuance (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company) of the stock certificate evidencing such Shares, no right to vote or receive dividends or any other rights as a stockholder shall exist with respect to Shares subject to an Award, notwithstanding the exercise of an Option or other Award. The Company shall issue (or cause to be issued) such stock certificate promptly upon exercise of the Award. No adjustment will be made for a dividend or other right for which the record date is prior to the date the stock certificate is issued, except as provided in the Award Agreement or Section 10, below.
(b) Exercise of Award Following Termination of Continuous Service.
(i) An Award may not be exercised after the termination date of such Award set forth in the Award Agreement and may be exercised following the termination of a Grantee's Continuous Service only to the extent provided in the Award Agreement.
(ii) Where the Award Agreement permits a Grantee to exercise an Award following the termination of the Grantee's Continuous Service for a specified period, the Award shall terminate to the extent not exercised on the last day of the specified period or the last day of the original term of the Award, whichever occurs first.
(iii) Any Award designated as an Incentive Stock Option to the extent not exercised within the time permitted by law for the exercise of Incentive Stock Options following the termination of a Grantee's Continuous Service shall convert automatically to a Non-Qualified Stock Option and thereafter shall be exercisable as such to the extent exercisable by its terms for the period specified in the Award Agreement.
(c) Buyout Provisions. The Administrator may at any time offer to buy out for a payment in cash or Shares, an Award previously granted, based on such terms and conditions as the Administrator shall establish and communicate to the Grantee at the time that such offer is made.
9. Conditions Upon Issuance of Shares.
(a) Shares shall not be issued pursuant to the exercise of an Award unless the exercise of such Award and the issuance and delivery of such Shares pursuant thereto shall comply with all Applicable Laws, and shall be further subject to the approval of counsel for the Company with respect to such compliance.
(b) As a condition to the exercise of an Award, the Company may require the person exercising such Award to represent and warrant at the time of any such exercise that the Shares are being purchased only for investment and without any present intention to sell or distribute such Shares if, in the opinion of counsel for the Company, such a representation is required by any Applicable Laws.
B-9
10.                                          Adjustments Upon Changes in Capitalization. Subject to any required action by the stockholders                                          of the Company, the Administrator may, in its discretion, proportionately adjust the                                          number of Shares covered by each outstanding Award, and the number of Shares which have                                          been authorized for issuance under the Plan but as to which no Awards have yet been granted                                          or which have been returned to the Plan, the exercise or purchase price of each such                                          outstanding Award, as well as any other terms that the Administrator determines require                                          adjustment for (a) any increase or decrease in the number of issued Shares resulting                                          from a stock split, reverse stock split, stock dividend, combination or reclassification                                          of the Shares, (b) any other increase or decrease in the number of issued Shares effected                                          without receipt of consideration by the Company, or (c) as the Administrator may determine                                          in its discretion, any other transaction with respect to Common Stock to which Section                                          424(a) of the Code applies; provided, however that conversion of any convertible securities                                          of the Company shall not be deemed to have been "effected without receipt of consideration."                                          Such adjustment shall be made by the Administrator and its determination shall be final,                                          binding and conclusive. Except as the Administrator determines, no issuance by the Company                                          of shares of stock of any class, or securities convertible into shares of stock of any                                          class, shall affect, and no adjustment by reason hereof shall be made with respect to,                                          the number or price of Shares subject to an Award.
11. Corporate Transactions and Related Entity Dispositions. Except as may be provided in an Award Agreement:
(a) The Administrator shall have the authority, exercisable either in advance of any actual or anticipated Corporate Transaction or Related Entity Disposition or at the time of an actual Corporate Transaction or Related Entity Disposition and exercisable at the time of the grant of an Award under the Plan or any time while an Award remains outstanding, to provide for the full automatic vesting and exercisability of one or more outstanding unvested Awards under the Plan and the release from restrictions on transfer and repurchase or forfeiture rights of such  Awards in connection with a Corporate Transaction or Related Entity Disposition, on such terms and conditions as the Administrator may specify. The Administrator also shall have the authority to condition any such Award vesting and exercisability or release from such limitations upon the subsequent termination of the Continuous Service of the Grantee within a specified period following the effective date of the Corporate Transaction or Related Entity Disposition. Effective upon the consummation of a Corporate Transaction or Related Entity Disposition, all outstanding Awards under the Plan, shall remain fully exercisable until the expiration or sooner termination of the Award.
(b) The portion of any Incentive Stock Option accelerated under this Section 11 in connection with a Corporate Transaction or Related Entity Disposition shall remain exercisable as an Incentive Stock Option under the Code only to the extent the $ 100,000 dollar limitation of Section 422(d) of the Code is not exceeded. To the extent such dollar limitation is exceeded, the accelerated excess portion of such Option shall be exercisable as a Non-Qualified Stock Option.
12. Effective Date and Term of Plan. The Plan shall become effective upon the earlier to occur of its adoption by the Board or its approval by the stockholders of the Company. It shall continue in effect for a term of ten (10) years unless sooner terminated. Subject to Section 13 below, and Applicable Laws, Awards may be granted under the Plan upon its becoming effective.
13. Amendment, Suspension or Termination of the Plan.
(a) The Board may at any time amend, suspend or terminate the Plan. To the extent necessary to comply with Applicable Laws, the Company shall obtain stockholder approval of any Plan amendment in such a manner and to such a degree as required.
(b) No Award may be granted during any suspension of the Plan or after termination of the Plan.
(c) Any amendment, suspension or termination of the Plan (including termination of the Plan under Section 12, above) shall not affect Awards already granted, and such Awards shall remain in full force and effect as if the Plan had not been amended, suspended or terminated, unless mutually agreed otherwise between the Grantee and the Administrator, which agreement must be in writing and signed by the Grantee and the Company.
B-10
14. Reservation of Shares.
(a) The Company, during the term of the Plan, will at all times reserve and keep available such number of Shares as shall be sufficient to satisfy the requirements of the Plan.
(b) The inability of the Company to obtain authority from any regulatory body having jurisdiction, which authority is deemed by the Company's counsel to be necessary to the lawful issuance and sale of any Shares hereunder, shall relieve the Company of any liability in respect of the failure to issue or sell such Shares as to which such requisite authority shall not have been obtained.
15. No Effect on Terms of Employment/Consulting Relationship. The Plan shall not confer upon any Grantee any right with respect to the Grantee's Continuous Service, nor shall it interfere in any way with his or her right or the Company's right to terminate the Grantee's Continuous Service at any time, with or without cause.
16. Unfunded Plan. Unless otherwise determined by the Board or the Committee, the Plan shall be unfunded and shall not create (or construed to create) a trust or a separate fund or funds. The Plan shall not establish any fiduciary relationship between the Company and any Grantee or other person. To the extent any person holds any rights by virtue of an Award granted under the Plan, such right (unless otherwise determined by the Board or the Committee) shall be no greater than the right of an unsecured general creditor of the Company.
17. No Effect on Retirement and Other Benefit Plans. Except as specifically provided in a retirement or other benefit plan of the Company or a Related Entity, Awards shall not be deemed compensation for purposes of computing benefits or contributions under any retirement plan of the Company or a Related Entity, and shall not affect any benefits under any other benefit plan of any kind or any benefit plan subsequently instituted under which the availability or amount of benefits is related to level of compensation. The Plan is not a "Retirement Plan" or "Welfare Plan" under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.
18. Stockholder Approval. The grant of Incentive Stock Options under the Plan shall be subject to approval by the stockholders of the Company within twelve (12) months before or after the date the Plan is adopted by the Board excluding Incentive Stock Options issued in substitution for outstanding Incentive Stock Options pursuant to Section 424(a) of the Code. Such stockholder approval shall be obtained in the degree and manner required under Applicable Laws. The Administrator may grant Incentive Stock Options under the Plan prior to approval by the stockholders, but until such approval is obtained, no such Incentive Stock Option shall be exercisable. In the event that stockholder approval is not obtained within the twelve (12) month period provided above, all Incentive Stock Options previously granted under the Plan shall be exercisable as Non-Qualified Stock Options.
B-  
PRELIMINARY PROXY CARD—SUBJECT TO COMPLETION
[BEGIN TABLE]
  ONE                                           HORIZON GROUP, INC.   The Board of Directors recommends you vote   FOR the following:                             
  ONE                                           HORIZON GROUP, INC.   The Board of Directors recommends you vote   FOR the following:                             
  ONE                                           HORIZON GROUP, INC.   The Board of Directors recommends you vote   FOR the following:                             
  ONE                                           HORIZON GROUP, INC.   The Board of Directors recommends you vote   FOR the following:                             
  ONE                                           HORIZON GROUP, INC.   The Board of Directors recommends you vote   FOR the following:                             
             For All    Withhold All    For All  Except   To withhold authority to vote for any individual                      nominee(s), mark "For All Except" and write the number(s) of the nominee(s) on the line below.         
             For All    Withhold All    For All  Except   To withhold authority to vote for any individual                      nominee(s), mark "For All Except" and write the number(s) of the nominee(s) on the line below.         
[END TABLE]
M46400-P  
B- 
[BEGIN TABLE]
      ONE HORIZON GROUP, INC. Annual Meeting of Stockholders December 27, 2018 This Proxy is Solicited on Behalf          of the Board of Directors   The stockholder(s) hereby appoint(s)          Mark White and Martin Ward, and each of them, as proxies, each with the power of substitution, and hereby authorize(s)          them to represent and to vote, as designated on the reverse side of this ballot, all of the shares Common Stock of One          Horizon Group, Inc. (the "Company") that the stockholder(s) is/are entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting          of Stockholders to be held at 10:00 A.M., Eastern Standard Time, on December 27, 2018, at the offices of Mitchell Silberberg          & Knupp LLP, 437 Madison Ave., 25th Floor, New York, NY 10022, and at any adjournment or postponement thereof.   THIS PROXY, WHEN PROPERLY EXECUTED, WILL BE VOTED AS          DIRECTED BY THE STOCKHOLDER(S). IF NO SUCH DIRECTIONS ARE MADE, THIS PROXY WILL BE VOTED FOR THE ELECTION OF THE          NOMINEES FOR THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS LISTED ON THE REVERSE SIDE, AND FOR PROPOSALS 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6.   PLEASE MARK, SIGN, DATE AND RETURN          THIS PROXY CARD PROMPTLY USING THE ENCLOSED REPLY ENVELOPE.   Continued and to be signed on reverse          side       
      ONE HORIZON GROUP, INC. Annual Meeting of Stockholders December 27, 2018 This Proxy is Solicited on Behalf          of the Board of Directors   The stockholder(s) hereby appoint(s)          Mark White and Martin Ward, and each of them, as proxies, each with the power of substitution, and hereby authorize(s)          them to represent and to vote, as designated on the reverse side of this ballot, all of the shares Common Stock of One          Horizon Group, Inc. (the "Company") that the stockholder(s) is/are entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting          of Stockholders to be held at 10:00 A.M., Eastern Standard Time, on December 27, 2018, at the offices of Mitchell Silberberg          & Knupp LLP, 437 Madison Ave., 25th Floor, New York, NY 10022, and at any adjournment or postponement thereof.   THIS PROXY, WHEN PROPERLY EXECUTED, WILL BE VOTED AS          DIRECTED BY THE STOCKHOLDER(S). IF NO SUCH DIRECTIONS ARE MADE, THIS PROXY WILL BE VOTED FOR THE ELECTION OF THE          NOMINEES FOR THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS LISTED ON THE REVERSE SIDE, AND FOR PROPOSALS 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6.   PLEASE MARK, SIGN, DATE AND RETURN          THIS PROXY CARD PROMPTLY USING THE ENCLOSED REPLY ENVELOPE.   Continued and to be signed on reverse          side       
      ONE HORIZON GROUP, INC. Annual Meeting of Stockholders December 27, 2018 This Proxy is Solicited on Behalf          of the Board of Directors   The stockholder(s) hereby appoint(s)          Mark White and Martin Ward, and each of them, as proxies, each with the power of substitution, and hereby authorize(s)          them to represent and to vote, as designated on the reverse side of this ballot, all of the shares Common Stock of One          Horizon Group, Inc. (the "Company") that the stockholder(s) is/are entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting          of Stockholders to be held at 10:00 A.M., Eastern Standard Time, on December 27, 2018, at the offices of Mitchell Silberberg          & Knupp LLP, 437 Madison Ave., 25th Floor, New York, NY 10022, and at any adjournment or postponement thereof.   THIS PROXY, WHEN PROPERLY EXECUTED, WILL BE VOTED AS          DIRECTED BY THE STOCKHOLDER(S). IF NO SUCH DIRECTIONS ARE MADE, THIS PROXY WILL BE VOTED FOR THE ELECTION OF THE          NOMINEES FOR THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS LISTED ON THE REVERSE SIDE, AND FOR PROPOSALS 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6.   PLEASE MARK, SIGN, DATE AND RETURN          THIS PROXY CARD PROMPTLY USING THE ENCLOSED REPLY ENVELOPE.   Continued and to be signed on reverse          side       
      ONE HORIZON GROUP, INC. Annual Meeting of Stockholders December 27, 2018 This Proxy is Solicited on Behalf          of the Board of Directors   The stockholder(s) hereby appoint(s)          Mark White and Martin Ward, and each of them, as proxies, each with the power of substitution, and hereby authorize(s)          them to represent and to vote, as designated on the reverse side of this ballot, all of the shares Common Stock of One          Horizon Group, Inc. (the "Company") that the stockholder(s) is/are entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting          of Stockholders to be held at 10:00 A.M., Eastern Standard Time, on December 27, 2018, at the offices of Mitchell Silberberg          & Knupp LLP, 437 Madison Ave., 25th Floor, New York, NY 10022, and at any adjournment or postponement thereof.   THIS PROXY, WHEN PROPERLY EXECUTED, WILL BE VOTED AS          DIRECTED BY THE STOCKHOLDER(S). IF NO SUCH DIRECTIONS ARE MADE, THIS PROXY WILL BE VOTED FOR THE ELECTION OF THE          NOMINEES FOR THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS LISTED ON THE REVERSE SIDE, AND FOR PROPOSALS 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6.   PLEASE MARK, SIGN, DATE AND RETURN          THIS PROXY CARD PROMPTLY USING THE ENCLOSED REPLY ENVELOPE.   Continued and to be signed on reverse          side       
      ONE HORIZON GROUP, INC. Annual Meeting of Stockholders December 27, 2018 This Proxy is Solicited on Behalf          of the Board of Directors   The stockholder(s) hereby appoint(s)          Mark White and Martin Ward, and each of them, as proxies, each with the power of substitution, and hereby authorize(s)          them to represent and to vote, as designated on the reverse side of this ballot, all of the shares Common Stock of One          Horizon Group, Inc. (the "Company") that the stockholder(s) is/are entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting          of Stockholders to be held at 10:00 A.M., Eastern Standard Time, on December 27, 2018, at the offices of Mitchell Silberberg          & Knupp LLP, 437 Madison Ave., 25th Floor, New York, NY 10022, and at any adjournment or postponement thereof.   THIS PROXY, WHEN PROPERLY EXECUTED, WILL BE VOTED AS          DIRECTED BY THE STOCKHOLDER(S). IF NO SUCH DIRECTIONS ARE MADE, THIS PROXY WILL BE VOTED FOR THE ELECTION OF THE          NOMINEES FOR THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS LISTED ON THE REVERSE SIDE, AND FOR PROPOSALS 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6.   PLEASE MARK, SIGN, DATE AND RETURN          THIS PROXY CARD PROMPTLY USING THE ENCLOSED REPLY ENVELOPE.   Continued and to be signed on reverse          side       
      ONE HORIZON GROUP, INC. Annual Meeting of Stockholders December 27, 2018 This Proxy is Solicited on Behalf          of the Board of Directors   The stockholder(s) hereby appoint(s)          Mark White and Martin Ward, and each of them, as proxies, each with the power of substitution, and hereby authorize(s)          them to represent and to vote, as designated on the reverse side of this ballot, all of the shares Common Stock of One          Horizon Group, Inc. (the "Company") that the stockholder(s) is/are entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting          of Stockholders to be held at 10:00 A.M., Eastern Standard Time, on December 27, 2018, at the offices of Mitchell Silberberg          & Knupp LLP, 437 Madison Ave., 25th Floor, New York, NY 10022, and at any adjournment or postponement thereof.   THIS PROXY, WHEN PROPERLY EXECUTED, WILL BE VOTED AS          DIRECTED BY THE STOCKHOLDER(S). IF NO SUCH DIRECTIONS ARE MADE, THIS PROXY WILL BE VOTED FOR THE ELECTION OF THE          NOMINEES FOR THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS LISTED ON THE REVERSE SIDE, AND FOR PROPOSALS 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6.   PLEASE MARK, SIGN, DATE AND RETURN          THIS PROXY CARD PROMPTLY USING THE ENCLOSED REPLY ENVELOPE.   Continued and to be signed on reverse          side       
      ONE HORIZON GROUP, INC. Annual Meeting of Stockholders December 27, 2018 This Proxy is Solicited on Behalf          of the Board of Directors   The stockholder(s) hereby appoint(s)          Mark White and Martin Ward, and each of them, as proxies, each with the power of substitution, and hereby authorize(s)          them to represent and to vote, as designated on the reverse side of this ballot, all of the shares Common Stock of One          Horizon Group, Inc. (the "Company") that the stockholder(s) is/are entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting          of Stockholders to be held at 10:00 A.M., Eastern Standard Time, on December 27, 2018, at the offices of Mitchell Silberberg          & Knupp LLP, 437 Madison Ave., 25th Floor, New York, NY 10022, and at any adjournment or postponement thereof.   THIS PROXY, WHEN PROPERLY EXECUTED, WILL BE VOTED AS          DIRECTED BY THE STOCKHOLDER(S). IF NO SUCH DIRECTIONS ARE MADE, THIS PROXY WILL BE VOTED FOR THE ELECTION OF THE          NOMINEES FOR THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS LISTED ON THE REVERSE SIDE, AND FOR PROPOSALS 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6.   PLEASE MARK, SIGN, DATE AND RETURN          THIS PROXY CARD PROMPTLY USING THE ENCLOSED REPLY ENVELOPE.   Continued and to be signed on reverse          side       
      ONE HORIZON GROUP, INC. Annual Meeting of Stockholders December 27, 2018 This Proxy is Solicited on Behalf          of the Board of Directors   The stockholder(s) hereby appoint(s)          Mark White and Martin Ward, and each of them, as proxies, each with the power of substitution, and hereby authorize(s)          them to represent and to vote, as designated on the reverse side of this ballot, all of the shares Common Stock of One          Horizon Group, Inc. (the "Company") that the stockholder(s) is/are entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting          of Stockholders to be held at 10:00 A.M., Eastern Standard Time, on December 27, 2018, at the offices of Mitchell Silberberg          & Knupp LLP, 437 Madison Ave., 25th Floor, New York, NY 10022, and at any adjournment or postponement thereof.   THIS PROXY, WHEN PROPERLY EXECUTED, WILL BE VOTED AS          DIRECTED BY THE STOCKHOLDER(S). IF NO SUCH DIRECTIONS ARE MADE, THIS PROXY WILL BE VOTED FOR THE ELECTION OF THE          NOMINEES FOR THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS LISTED ON THE REVERSE SIDE, AND FOR PROPOSALS 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6.   PLEASE MARK, SIGN, DATE AND RETURN          THIS PROXY CARD PROMPTLY USING THE ENCLOSED REPLY ENVELOPE.   Continued and to be signed on reverse          side       
      ONE HORIZON GROUP, INC. Annual Meeting of Stockholders December 27, 2018 This Proxy is Solicited on Behalf          of the Board of Directors   The stockholder(s) hereby appoint(s)          Mark White and Martin Ward, and each of them, as proxies, each with the power of substitution, and hereby authorize(s)          them to represent and to vote, as designated on the reverse side of this ballot, all of the shares Common Stock of One          Horizon Group, Inc. (the "Company") that the stockholder(s) is/are entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting          of Stockholders to be held at 10:00 A.M., Eastern Standard Time, on December 27, 2018, at the offices of Mitchell Silberberg          & Knupp LLP, 437 Madison Ave., 25th Floor, New York, NY 10022, and at any adjournment or postponement thereof.   THIS PROXY, WHEN PROPERLY EXECUTED, WILL BE VOTED AS          DIRECTED BY THE STOCKHOLDER(S). IF NO SUCH DIRECTIONS ARE MADE, THIS PROXY WILL BE VOTED FOR THE ELECTION OF THE          NOMINEES FOR THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS LISTED ON THE REVERSE SIDE, AND FOR PROPOSALS 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6.   PLEASE MARK, SIGN, DATE AND RETURN          THIS PROXY CARD PROMPTLY USING THE ENCLOSED REPLY ENVELOPE.   Continued and to be signed on reverse          side       
      ONE HORIZON GROUP, INC. Annual Meeting of Stockholders December 27, 2018 This Proxy is Solicited on Behalf          of the Board of Directors   The stockholder(s) hereby appoint(s)          Mark White and Martin Ward, and each of them, as proxies, each with the power of substitution, and hereby authorize(s)          them to represent and to vote, as designated on the reverse side of this ballot, all of the shares Common Stock of One          Horizon Group, Inc. (the "Company") that the stockholder(s) is/are entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting          of Stockholders to be held at 10:00 A.M., Eastern Standard Time, on December 27, 2018, at the offices of Mitchell Silberberg          & Knupp LLP, 437 Madison Ave., 25th Floor, New York, NY 10022, and at any adjournment or postponement thereof.   THIS PROXY, WHEN PROPERLY EXECUTED, WILL BE VOTED AS          DIRECTED BY THE STOCKHOLDER(S). IF NO SUCH DIRECTIONS ARE MADE, THIS PROXY WILL BE VOTED FOR THE ELECTION OF THE          NOMINEES FOR THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS LISTED ON THE REVERSE SIDE, AND FOR PROPOSALS 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6.   PLEASE MARK, SIGN, DATE AND RETURN          THIS PROXY CARD PROMPTLY USING THE ENCLOSED REPLY ENVELOPE.   Continued and to be signed on reverse          side       
      ONE HORIZON GROUP, INC. Annual Meeting of Stockholders December 27, 2018 This Proxy is Solicited on Behalf          of the Board of Directors   The stockholder(s) hereby appoint(s)          Mark White and Martin Ward, and each of them, as proxies, each with the power of substitution, and hereby authorize(s)          them to represent and to vote, as designated on the reverse side of this ballot, all of the shares Common Stock of One          Horizon Group, Inc. (the "Company") that the stockholder(s) is/are entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting          of Stockholders to be held at 10:00 A.M., Eastern Standard Time, on December 27, 2018, at the offices of Mitchell Silberberg          & Knupp LLP, 437 Madison Ave., 25th Floor, New York, NY 10022, and at any adjournment or postponement thereof.   THIS PROXY, WHEN PROPERLY EXECUTED, WILL BE VOTED AS          DIRECTED BY THE STOCKHOLDER(S). IF NO SUCH DIRECTIONS ARE MADE, THIS PROXY WILL BE VOTED FOR THE ELECTION OF THE          NOMINEES FOR THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS LISTED ON THE REVERSE SIDE, AND FOR PROPOSALS 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6.   PLEASE MARK, SIGN, DATE AND RETURN          THIS PROXY CARD PROMPTLY USING THE ENCLOSED REPLY ENVELOPE.   Continued and to be signed on reverse          side       
      ONE HORIZON GROUP, INC. Annual Meeting of Stockholders December 27, 2018 This Proxy is Solicited on Behalf          of the Board of Directors   The stockholder(s) hereby appoint(s)          Mark White and Martin Ward, and each of them, as proxies, each with the power of substitution, and hereby authorize(s)          them to represent and to vote, as designated on the reverse side of this ballot, all of the shares Common Stock of One          Horizon Group, Inc. (the "Company") that the stockholder(s) is/are entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting          of Stockholders to be held at 10:00 A.M., Eastern Standard Time, on December 27, 2018, at the offices of Mitchell Silberberg          & Knupp LLP, 437 Madison Ave., 25th Floor, New York, NY 10022, and at any adjournment or postponement thereof.   THIS PROXY, WHEN PROPERLY EXECUTED, WILL BE VOTED AS          DIRECTED BY THE STOCKHOLDER(S). IF NO SUCH DIRECTIONS ARE MADE, THIS PROXY WILL BE VOTED FOR THE ELECTION OF THE          NOMINEES FOR THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS LISTED ON THE REVERSE SIDE, AND FOR PROPOSALS 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6.   PLEASE MARK, SIGN, DATE AND RETURN          THIS PROXY CARD PROMPTLY USING THE ENCLOSED REPLY ENVELOPE.   Continued and to be signed on reverse          side       
      ONE HORIZON GROUP, INC. Annual Meeting of Stockholders December 27, 2018 This Proxy is Solicited on Behalf          of the Board of Directors   The stockholder(s) hereby appoint(s)          Mark White and Martin Ward, and each of them, as proxies, each with the power of substitution, and hereby authorize(s)          them to represent and to vote, as designated on the reverse side of this ballot, all of the shares Common Stock of One          Horizon Group, Inc. (the "Company") that the stockholder(s) is/are entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting          of Stockholders to be held at 10:00 A.M., Eastern Standard Time, on December 27, 2018, at the offices of Mitchell Silberberg          & Knupp LLP, 437 Madison Ave., 25th Floor, New York, NY 10022, and at any adjournment or postponement thereof.   THIS PROXY, WHEN PROPERLY EXECUTED, WILL BE VOTED AS          DIRECTED BY THE STOCKHOLDER(S). IF NO SUCH DIRECTIONS ARE MADE, THIS PROXY WILL BE VOTED FOR THE ELECTION OF THE          NOMINEES FOR THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS LISTED ON THE REVERSE SIDE, AND FOR PROPOSALS 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6.   PLEASE MARK, SIGN, DATE AND RETURN          THIS PROXY CARD PROMPTLY USING THE ENCLOSED REPLY ENVELOPE.   Continued and to be signed on reverse          side       
      ONE HORIZON GROUP, INC. Annual Meeting of Stockholders December 27, 2018 This Proxy is Solicited on Behalf          of the Board of Directors   The stockholder(s) hereby appoint(s)          Mark White and Martin Ward, and each of them, as proxies, each with the power of substitution, and hereby authorize(s)          them to represent and to vote, as designated on the reverse side of this ballot, all of the shares Common Stock of One          Horizon Group, Inc. (the "Company") that the stockholder(s) is/are entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting          of Stockholders to be held at 10:00 A.M., Eastern Standard Time, on December 27, 2018, at the offices of Mitchell Silberberg          & Knupp LLP, 437 Madison Ave., 25th Floor, New York, NY 10022, and at any adjournment or postponement thereof.   THIS PROXY, WHEN PROPERLY EXECUTED, WILL BE VOTED AS          DIRECTED BY THE STOCKHOLDER(S). IF NO SUCH DIRECTIONS ARE MADE, THIS PROXY WILL BE VOTED FOR THE ELECTION OF THE          NOMINEES FOR THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS LISTED ON THE REVERSE SIDE, AND FOR PROPOSALS 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6.   PLEASE MARK, SIGN, DATE AND RETURN          THIS PROXY CARD PROMPTLY USING THE ENCLOSED REPLY ENVELOPE.   Continued and to be signed on reverse          side       
[END TABLE]
B-13