 
UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
SCHEDULE 14A
Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of   the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
[BEGIN TABLE]
Filed by Registrant  þ      
Filed by Party other than Registrant  ¨      
Check the appropriate box:          
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
¨  Preliminary Proxy Statement  
¨  Confidential, For Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2))  
þ  Definitive Proxy Statement  
¨  Definitive Additional Materials  
¨  Soliciting Material Pursuant to §240.14a-12  
[END TABLE]
DUOS TECHNOLOGIES GROUP, INC.
(Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter)
______________________________________________________________
(Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant)
[BEGIN TABLE]
Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box):  
þ  No fee required.  
¨  Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11.  
    (1)  Title of each class of securities to which transaction applies:  
    (2)  Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies:  
    (3)  Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11 (Set forth the amount on which the filing fee is calculated and state how it was determined):  
    (4)  Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction:  
    (5)  Total fee paid:  
¨  Fee paid previously with preliminary materials.  
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
¨  Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing for which the offsetting fee was paid previously. Identify the previous filing by registration statement number, or the Form or Schedule and the date of its filing.  
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
    (1)  Amount previously paid:  
    (2)  Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.:  
    (3)  Filing Party:  
    (4)  Date Filed:  
[END TABLE]
DUOS TECHNOLOGIES GROUP, INC.
6622 Southpoint Drive S., Suite 310
Jacksonville, Florida 32216 
(904) 652-1601
NOTICE OF ANNUAL
MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
TO BE HELD DECEMBER 19, 2018
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
You are cordially invited to attend the Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the "Annual Meeting") of Duos Technologies Group, Inc., a Florida corporation (together with its subsidiaries, "Company", "Duos", "we", "us" or "our"), which will be held on December 19, 2018, at 10:00 A.M. EST at 6622 Southpoint Drive S., Suite 310, Jacksonville, Florida 32216, for the following purposes:
[BEGIN TABLE]
1.  To elect four (4) directors to hold office for a one year term and until each of their successors are elected and qualified;  
2.  To ratify the appointment of SALBERG & COMPANY, P.A. as our independent certified public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2018; and    
2.  To ratify the appointment of SALBERG & COMPANY, P.A. as our independent certified public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2018; and    
3.  To transact such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting or any postponement or adjournment thereof.  
[END TABLE]
The foregoing items of business are more fully described in the Proxy Statement that is attached and made a part of this Notice. Only stockholders of record of our common stock, par value $0.001 per share ("Common Stock") and Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share (the "Series B Preferred") at the close of business on November 1, 2018 (the "Record Date"), will be entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the Annual Meeting or any adjournment thereof.
All shareholders are cordially invited to attend the Annual Meeting in person. Your vote is important regardless of the number of shares you own. Only record or beneficial owners of Duos' Common Stock and Series B Preferred as of the Record Date may attend the Annual Meeting in person. When you arrive at the Annual Meeting, you must present photo identification, such as a driver's license. Beneficial owners also must provide evidence of stockholdings as of the Record Date, such as a recent brokerage account or bank statement.
Whether or not you expect to attend the Annual Meeting, please submit a proxy to vote your shares either via Internet, phone or by mail. If you choose to submit your proxy by mail, please complete, sign, date and return the enclosed proxy card in the enclosed postage-paid envelope in order to ensure representation of your shares. It will help in our preparations for the meeting if you would check the box on the form of proxy if you plan on attending the Annual Meeting. Your proxy is revocable in accordance with the procedures set forth in the Proxy Statement.
We will be mailing a printed copy of our proxy materials, to each stockholder of record.  
Accordingly, on or about November 9, 2018 we will begin mailing the Proxy Materials to all stockholders of record as of the Record Date.
[BEGIN TABLE]
   By Order of the Board of Directors  
   /s/ Gianni B. Arcaini  
   Gianni B. Arcaini  
   Chairman  
November 6, 2018     
Jacksonville, Florida     
[END TABLE]
YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT
WHETHER OR NOT YOU PLAN TO ATTEND THE ANNUAL MEETING IN PERSON, TO ASSURE THAT YOUR SHARES WILL BE REPRESENTED, PLEASE COMPLETE, DATE, SIGN AND RETURN THE ENCLOSED PROXY WITHOUT DELAY IN THE ENCLOSED ENVELOPE, WHICH REQUIRES NO ADDITIONAL POSTAGE IF MAILED IN THE UNITED STATES. IF YOU ATTEND THE ANNUAL MEETING, YOU MAY VOTE IN PERSON IF YOU WISH TO DO SO EVEN IF YOU HAVE PREVIOUSLY SENT IN YOUR PROXY.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
[BEGIN TABLE]
PROXY STATEMENT FOR ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS  1  
General Information About the Proxy Statement and Annual Meeting  1  
Voting Procedures and Vote Required  2  
SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT  4  
ELECTION OF DIRECTORS (Proposal No. 1)  6  
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE  9  
Board of Directors  9  
Director Independence  9  
Board Meetings and Attendance  9  
Stockholder Communications with the Board  9  
Board Committees  9  
Family Relationships  11  
Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings  11  
Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act  12  
Code of Ethics  12  
DIRECTOR COMPENSATION FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017  13  
EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION  13  
Summary Compensation Table for Fiscal Years 2017 and 2016  14  
Employment Agreements  15  
Outstanding Equity Awards at 2017 Fiscal Year End  15  
Director Agreements  15  
COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT  16  
AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT  16  
RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (Proposal No. 2)  17  
FUTURE PROPOSALS  18  
AVAILABILITY OF ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K AND HOUSEHOLDING  18  
OTHER BUSINESS  18  
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  18  
OTHER MATTERS  19  
[END TABLE]
DUOS TECHNOLOGIES GROUP, INC.
6622 Southpoint Drive S., Suite 310
Jacksonville, Florida 32216 
(904) 652-1601
PROXY STATEMENT
ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
TO BE HELD ON DECEMBER 19, 2018
GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE PROXY
STATEMENT AND ANNUAL MEETING
General
This Proxy Statement is being furnished to the shareholders of Duos Technologies Group, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries, the "Company", "Duos", "we", "us" or "our") in connection with the solicitation of proxies by our Board of Directors (the "Board of Directors" or the "Board") for use at the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on December 19, 2018 at 10:00 A.M. EST at 6622 Southpoint Drive S., Suite 310, Jacksonville, Florida 32216, and at any and all adjournments or postponements thereof (the "Annual Meeting"), for the purposes set forth in the accompanying Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Accompanying this Proxy Statement is a proxy/voting instruction form (the "Proxy") for the Annual Meeting, which you may use to indicate your vote as to the proposals described in this Proxy Statement. It is contemplated that this Proxy Statement and the accompanying form of Proxy will be first mailed to the Company's shareholders on or about November 9, 2018.
The Company will solicit shareholders by mail through its regular employees and will request banks and brokers and other custodians, nominees and fiduciaries, to solicit their customers who have stock of the Company registered in the names of such persons and will reimburse them for reasonable, out-of-pocket costs. In addition, the Company may use the service of its officers and directors to solicit proxies, personally or by telephone, without additional compensation.
Why am I being provided with these proxy materials?
We have delivered printed versions of these proxy materials to you by mail in connection with the solicitation by our Board of proxies for the matters to be voted on at our Annual Meeting and at any adjournment or postponement thereof.
What do I do if my shares are held in "street name"?
If your shares are held in a brokerage account or by a bank or other holder of record, you are considered the "beneficial owner" of shares held in "street name." As the beneficial owner, you have the right to direct your broker, bank or other holder of record on how to vote your shares by following their instructions for voting. Please refer to information from your bank, broker or other nominee on how to submit your voting instructions.
What if other matters come up at the Annual Meeting?
At the date this Proxy Statement went to press, we did not know of any matters to be properly presented at the Annual Meeting other than those referred to in this Proxy Statement. If other matters are properly presented at the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof for consideration, and you are a stockholder of record and have submitted a proxy card, the persons named in your proxy card will have the discretion to vote on those matters for you. Voting Securities
Only shareholders of record as of the close of business on November 1, 2018 (the "Record Date") will be entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting and any adjournment or postponement thereof. As of the Record Date, there were approximately 20,951,371 shares of Common Stock of the Company issued and outstanding and entitled to vote representing approximately 396 holders of record, 2,830 shares of Series B Preferred of the Company, issued and outstanding and entitled to vote on an as converted basis with the Common Stock, representing two holders of record up to the beneficial ownership limitation described in the Series B Preferred certificate of designation. Shareholders may vote in person or by proxy. Each holder of shares of Common Stock is entitled to one vote for each share of stock held on the proposals presented in this Proxy Statement. The Company's Bylaws, as amended, provide that at least a majority of the outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote, whether present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at the Annual Meeting. The enclosed Proxy reflects the number of shares that you are entitled to vote. Shares of Common Stock may not be voted cumulatively.
Voting of Proxies
All valid proxies received prior to the Annual Meeting will be voted. The Board of Directors recommends that you vote by proxy even if you plan to attend the Annual Meeting. You can vote your shares by proxy via Internet or mail. To vote via Internet, go to www.proxyvote.com and follow the instructions. To vote by mail, fill out the enclosed Proxy, sign and date it, and return it in the enclosed postage-paid envelope to Vote Processing, c/o Broadridge, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, NY 11717. To vote by phone, dial 1-800-690-6903 and follow the instructions. Voting by proxy will not limit your right to vote at the Annual Meeting if you attend the Annual Meeting and vote in person. However, if your shares are held in the name of a bank, broker or other holder of record, you must obtain a proxy executed in your favor, from the holder of record to be able to vote at the Annual Meeting.
Revocability of Proxies
All Proxies which are properly completed, signed and returned prior to the Annual Meeting, and which have not been revoked, will be voted in favor of the proposals described in this Proxy Statement unless otherwise directed. A shareholder may revoke his or her Proxy at any time before it is voted either by filing with the Secretary of the Company, at its principal executive offices located at 6622 Southpoint Drive S., Suite 310, Jacksonville, Florida 32216, a written notice of revocation or a duly-executed Proxy bearing a later date or by attending the Annual Meeting and voting in person.
Voting Procedures and Vote Required
The presence, in person or by proxy, of at least 50% of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting is necessary to establish a quorum for the transaction of business. Shares represented by proxies which contain an abstention, as well as "broker non-vote" shares (described below) are counted as present for purposes of determining the presence or absence of a quorum for the Annual Meeting.
All properly executed proxies delivered pursuant to this solicitation and not revoked will be voted at the Annual Meeting as specified in such proxies.
Vote Required for Election of Directors (Proposal No. 1). Our Articles of Incorporation, as amended, does not authorize cumulative voting. Delaware law provides that directors are to be elected by a plurality of the votes of the shares present in person or represented by proxy at the Annual Meeting and entitled to vote on the election of directors. This means that the four (4) candidates receiving the highest number of affirmative votes at the Annual Meeting will be elected as directors. Only shares that are voted in favor of a particular nominee will be counted toward that nominee's achievement of a plurality. Shares present at the Annual Meeting that are not voted for a particular nominee or shares present by proxy where the shareholder properly withheld authority to vote for such nominee will not be counted toward that nominee's achievement of a plurality. Vote Required for Ratification of Auditors (Proposal No. 2). Florida law and our Bylaws, as amended, provide that, on all matters (other than the election of directors and except to the extent otherwise required by our Articles of Incorporation, as amended, or applicable Florida law), the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares present, in person or by proxy, and voting on the matter, will be required for approval. Accordingly, the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares present at the Annual Meeting, in person or by proxy, and voting on the matter, will be required to ratify the Board's selection of Salberg & Company, P.A as our independent auditors for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2018.
If you hold shares beneficially in street name and do not provide your broker with voting instructions, your shares may constitute "broker non-votes." Generally, broker non-votes occur on a matter when a broker is not permitted to vote on that matter without instructions from the beneficial owner and instructions are not given. Brokers that have not received voting instructions from their clients cannot vote on their clients' behalf on "non-routine" proposals. Broker non-votes are counted for the purposes of obtaining a quorum for the Annual Meeting, and in tabulating the voting result for any particular proposal, shares that constitute broker non-votes are not considered entitled to vote. The vote on Proposal No. 1 is considered "non-routine," the vote on Proposal No. 2 is considered "routine". Abstentions are counted as "shares present" at the Annual Meeting for purposes of determining the presence of a quorum but are not counted in the calculation of the vote.
Votes at the Annual Meeting will be tabulated by one or more inspectors of election appointed by the Chairman of the Board.
Shareholders will not be entitled to dissenter's rights with respect to any matter to be considered at the Annual Meeting.
Shareholders List
For a period of at least ten days prior to the Annual Meeting, a complete list of shareholders entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting will be available at the principal executive offices of the Company located at 6622 Southpoint Drive S., Suite 310, Jacksonville, Florida 32216 so that shareholders of record may inspect the list only for proper purposes.
Expenses of Solicitation
The Company will pay the cost of preparing, assembling and mailing this proxy-soliciting material, and all costs of solicitation, including certain expenses of brokers and nominees who mail proxy material to their customers or principals. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
The following table sets forth, as of the Record Date, information regarding beneficial ownership of our capital stock by:
[BEGIN TABLE]
● Each person, or group of affiliated persons, known by us to beneficially own more than 5% of our Common Stock;  
● Each of our named executive officers;  
● Each of our directors; and  
● All of our current executive officers and directors as a group.  
[END TABLE]
Beneficial ownership is determined according to the rules of the SEC and generally means that a person has beneficial ownership of a security if he, she or it possesses sole or shared voting or investment power of that security, including options that are currently exercisable or exercisable within sixty (60) days of the Record Date. Except as indicated by the footnotes below, we believe, based on the information furnished to us, that the persons named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of Common Stock shown that they beneficially own, subject to community property laws where applicable.
Common Stock subject to stock options currently exercisable or exercisable within sixty (60) days of the Record Date are deemed to be outstanding for computing the percentage ownership of the person holding these options and the percentage ownership of any group of which the holder is a member but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of any other person.
Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each beneficial owner listed in the table below is c/o Duos Technologies Group, Inc., 6622 Southpoint Drive S., Suite 310, Jacksonville, Florida 32216.
[BEGIN TABLE]
Name and Address of Beneficial Owner(1)     Outstanding Common   Stock(2)        Percentage of Ownership of Common   Stock(3)     
Name and Address of Beneficial Owner(1)     Outstanding Common   Stock(2)        Percentage of Ownership of Common   Stock(3)     
5% Beneficial Shareholders                    
First Eagle Investment Management (4)        2,930,930           14.2%  
Alpha Capital Anstalt        2,063,071           9.99%  
Justin W. Keener(5)        2,050,526           9.93%  
Orin Hirschman(6)        1,693,779           8.2%  
5% Beneficial Shareholders as a Group        8,675,367           42.32%  
Officers and Directors                          
Gianni B. Arcaini(7)        2,478,387           11.1%  
Adrian G. Goldfarb(8)        337,562           1.6%  
Alfred J. (Fred) Mulder(9)        38,142           *%  
Blair M. Fonda(10)        66,459           *%  
Officers and Directors as a Group (4 persons)        2,979,950           13.8%  
[END TABLE]
(2) The shares in the table have been listed in accordance with 13-G filings made by the individual investors. (3) The percentages in the table have been calculated based on treating as outstanding for a particular person, all shares of our Common Stock outstanding on that date and all shares of our Common Stock issuable to that holder in the event of exercise of outstanding options, warrants, rights or conversion privileges owned by that person at that date which are exercisable within 60 days of that date. Except as otherwise indicated, the persons listed below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of our Common Stock owned by them, except to the extent that power may be shared with a spouse.
(4) To the best of our knowledge, the organization who hold voting and dispositive control over the shares beneficially owned by First Eagle Investment Management is 21 April Fund, LLC.
(5) Mr. Justin Keener beneficially holds 9.93% of the Company's issued and outstanding Common Stock In addition, Mr. Keener also holds (i) warrants to purchase 6,210,526 shares of Common Stock and (ii) 1,000 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share, convertible into 2,000,000 shares of Common Stock, however, the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock into which the warrants are exercisable and which Mr. Keener has the right to acquire beneficial ownership, and the number of shares of Common Stock into which the Preferred Stock is convertible and which Mr. Keener has the right to acquire beneficial ownership, is limited to the number of shares of Common Stock that, together with all other shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by Mr. Keener, does not exceed 9.99% of the total outstanding shares of Common Stock.
(6) Mr. Orin Hirschman is the managing member of AIGH LP's General Partner and president of AIGH LLC. These 1,693,779 shares beneficially owned by Mr. Hirschman excludes warrants to purchase 2,000,000 shares of common stock not exercisable because the reporting person's beneficial ownership is above 4.99%. PROPOSAL NO. 1
ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
The Company's Board of Directors is currently comprised of four authorized directors. A total of four directors will be elected at the Annual Meeting to serve until the next annual meeting of shareholders to be held in 2019, or until their successors are duly elected and qualified. Of the Board members whose term expires at the Annual Meeting, Gianni B. Arcaini, Adrian G. Goldfarb, Alfred J. (Fred) Mulder and Blair M. Fonda are all standing for reelection. The persons named as "Proxies" in the enclosed Proxy will vote the shares represented by all valid returned proxies in accordance with the specifications of the shareholders returning such proxies. If no choice has been specified by a shareholder, the shares will be voted FOR the nominees. If at the time of the Annual Meeting any of the nominees named below should be unable or unwilling to serve, which event is not expected to occur, the discretionary authority provided in the Proxy will be exercised to vote for such substitute nominee or nominees, if any, as shall be designated by the Board of Directors. If a quorum is present and voting, the nominees for directors receiving the highest number of votes will be elected. Abstentions and broker non-votes will have no effect on the vote.
NOMINEES FOR ELECTION AS DIRECTOR
Nominees
The persons nominated as directors are as follows:
[BEGIN TABLE]
Name     Age     Position  
Gianni B. Arcaini     70     Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President  
Adrian G. Goldfarb     61     Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Director  
Alfred J. (Fred) Mulder(1)     74     Director  
Blair M. Fonda(2)     52      Director   
[END TABLE]
———————
[BEGIN TABLE]
(1)  Chairman of the Compensation Committee and member of the Audit Committee.  
(2)  Chairman of the Audit Committee and member of the Compensation Committee  
[END TABLE]
The following sets forth certain information about each of the director nominees:
Gianni B. Arcaini, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
Mr. Arcaini, has been the Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President since April 1, 2015, and held the same positions with our subsidiary, Duos Technologies, Inc. since 2002. Prior to his involvement with Environmental Capital Holdings, Inc., a predecessor of the Company, Mr. Arcaini spent over 10 years in various executive capacities with Robex International, a joint venture of Royal Volker Stevin, Royal Bijenkorf and the Westland Utrecht Bank, ultimately acquiring the Robex International in a management buyout after having expanded its operations into the United States.
Mr. Arcaini completed his early education at a Jesuit Boarding school in Austria and Germany, and graduated from a state business school in Frankfurt, Germany. He is fluent in German, Dutch, Italian, Spanish and English.
The Board believes Mr. Arcaini has significant experience in the Company's industry, a deep knowledge of our business and customers and contributes a perspective based on his many years of involvement with our company which will be of great value to the Company as it grows. Mr. Arcaini is also the visionary leader of the Company and is personally involved in creating the initial design of our technologies prior to implementation by our research and development teams. Adrian G. Goldfarb, Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Director
Mr. Goldfarb has served as a Director since April 2010. Effective July 1, 2012, he was appointed as President and Chief Financial Officer of Information Systems Associates, Inc., which merged with Duos Technologies, Inc in April 2015 upon which he agreed to continue serving the merged company, Duos Technologies Group, Inc., as Chief Financial Officer and Director. Mr. Goldfarb also currently serves as a non-Executive Chairman of Gelstat Corporation, a public company engaged in the development, manufacturing and marketing of homeopathic and natural supplements. Mr. Goldfarb is a 35-year technology industry veteran including more than 25 years in information technology. Mr. Goldfarb graduated "cum laude" with a business degree specializing in Finance from Rutgers University, Newark, NJ.
The Board believes Mr. Goldfarb's significant experience in financial stewardship of small public companies will be of great value to the Company as it grows.
Alfred J. (Fred) Mulder, Director
Mr. Mulder was appointed as a Director on April 1, 2015 and serves as both the Chairman of the Compensation Committee and member of the Audit Committee. From June 2006 to April 2015, he served as a Director with our subsidiary Duos Inc. He is an independent consultant (M&A / Corporate Finance) and investor in various companies in the USA and Europe, including duostech. Between 2001 and 2013, Mr. Mulder served as Executive Chairman of the Board of LBI International N.V. and from 2009 until 2014 as non-executive member of the board of W.P. Stewart in New York. He also serves as Chairman of the Investment Committee of Nethave N.V. (ICT Technology), Berghave N.V. (Turnaround/reshaping funding) and the Pension Fund of Radio Holland N.V. In 1993, Mr. Mulder was co-founder and became Chairman and Managing Director of Greenfield Capital Partners N.V., an independent private equity and corporate finance group headquartered in The Netherlands. From 1981 to 1993, he held positions of Managing Director, Chief Executive Officer of Transmark Holding B.V. and Managing Director of Pon Holdings B.V. and subsequently was a non-executive board member of companies such as HAL Investments N.V. (the holding company of Holland America Line), Pon Holdings B.V., and Transmark Holding B.V., Meulenhoff en Co N.V., SAIT Radio Holland SA, Lacis Communication N.V., Meijn Processing Industrie B.V., and CapCorp Investments N.V.
Mr. Mulder obtained his PMD in 1973 from the Harvard Business School, with special emphasis on Marketing and Corporate Strategy.
The Board believes Mr. Mulder's extensive background in international business will allow him to assist the Company as it grows. Mr. Mulder serves as a liaison with the Company's European based shareholders.
Blair M. Fonda, Director
Mr. Fonda was appointed as a Director on May 3, 2017 and serves as Chairman of the Audit Committee and a member of the Compensation Committee. Since 2013, Mr. Blair Fonda has served as the Chief Financial Officer of Emergent Financial Partners ("EFP"). EFP is an accounting and consulting services firm which offers financial consulting services to businesses and organizations throughout the United States and the Caribbean Islands. From 2013 to 2016, Mr. Fonda was contracted through EFP to serve as the outside Chief Financial Officer of Mountainstar Capital Engagement, a private equity and commercial real estate company. From 2007 to 2013, Mr. Fonda served as the Vice President and Controller of the Hospitality Division of Gate Petroleum, an owner and operator of convenience stores, resorts, construction and real estate operations throughout the United States. Mr. Fonda has previously served as Controller for Enterprise Rent-a-Car. Mr. Fonda is a Certified Public Accountant (CPA).
The Board believes that Mr. Fonda's education and background qualify him as a financial expert. He has extensive and directly applicable accounting experience qualifying him to serve as Chairman of the Audit Committee.  Required Vote
Our Articles of Incorporation, as amended, does not authorize cumulative voting. Florida law provides that directors are to be elected by a plurality of the votes of the shares present in person or represented by proxy at the Annual Meeting and entitled to vote on the election of directors. This means that the four (4) candidates receiving the highest number of affirmative votes at the Annual Meeting will be elected as directors. Only shares that are voted in favor of a particular nominee will be counted toward that nominee's achievement of a plurality. Shares present at the Annual Meeting that are not voted for a particular nominee or shares present by proxy where the shareholder properly withheld authority to vote for such nominee will not be counted toward that nominee's achievement of a plurality.
At the Annual Meeting a vote will be taken on a proposal to approve the election of the four (4) director nominees.
RECOMMENDATION OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS:
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE "FOR" THE ELECTION OF (I) GIANNI B. ARCAINI, (II) ADRIAN G. GOLDFARB, (III) ALFRED J. (FRED) MULDER, AND (IV) BLAIR M. FONDA, AS DIRECTORS. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Board of Directors
The Board oversees our business affairs and monitors the performance of our management. In accordance with our corporate governance principles, the Board does not involve itself in day-to-day operations. The directors keep themselves informed through discussions with the Chief Executive Officer, other key executives, and by reading the reports and other materials sent to them and by participating in Board and committee meetings. Our directors hold office until the next annual meeting of shareholders and until their successors are elected and qualified or until their earlier resignation or removal, or if for some other reason they are unable to serve in the capacity of director.
Board Composition and Director Independence
Our board of directors currently consists of four members: Mr. Gianni B. Arcaini, Mr. Adrian G. Goldfarb, Mr. Alfred J. (Fred) Mulder and Mr. Blair M. Fonda. The directors will serve until our next annual meeting and until their successors are duly elected and qualified. The Company defines "independent" as that term is defined in Rule 5605(a)(2) of the NASDAQ listing standards.
In making the determination of whether a member of the board is independent, our board considers, among other things, transactions and relationships between each director and his immediate family and the Company, including those reported under the caption "Related Party Transactions". The purpose of this review is to determine whether any such relationships or transactions are material and, therefore, inconsistent with a determination that the directors are independent. Based on such review and its understanding of such relationships and transactions, our board affirmatively determined that Alfred J. (Fred) Mulder and Blair M. Fonda are both qualified as independent and neither have any material relationship with us that might interfere with his exercise of independent judgment.
Board Meetings and Attendance
The Board held 5 in person meetings in 2017. All Board actions, not taken at a meeting, were taken via a unanimous written consent as permitted by Florida Law.
Stockholder Communications with the Board
Shareholders wishing to communicate with the Board, the non-management directors, or with an individual Board member may do so by writing to the Board, to the non-management directors, or to the particular Board member, and mailing the correspondence to: c/oBlair Fonda, 6622 Southpoint Drive S., Suite 310, Jacksonville, Florida 32216. The envelope should indicate that it contains a shareholder communication. All such shareholder communications will be forwarded to the director or directors to whom the communications are addressed.
Board Committees
Our Board of Directors has three (3) standing committees: an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee and a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Each committee has a charter, which is available on our website at http://www.duostechnologies.com/ Information contained on our website is not incorporated herein by reference. Each of the board committees has the composition and responsibilities described below. The members of these committees are:
Current Committee Composition
[BEGIN TABLE]
Audit Committee     Compensation Committee     Nominating and Corporate   Governance Committee  
Blair M. Fonda*     Blair M. Fonda       
Alfred (Fred) J. Mulder     Alfred J. (Fred) Mulder*       
[END TABLE]
———————
* Denotes Chairman of committee. Committee Composition after the Annual Meeting†
[BEGIN TABLE]
Audit Committee     Compensation Committee     Nominating and Corporate   Governance Committee  
Blair M. Fonda*     Blair M. Fonda       
Alfred (Fred) J. Mulder     Alfred (Fred) J. Mulder*       
[END TABLE]
———————
† Assumes the election of Blair M. Fonda and Alfred (Fred) J. Mulder, who have each been appointed to committees by resolution of the Board effective upon their election to the Board.
* Denotes Chairman of committee subject to election to the Board at the Annual Meeting.
Audit Committee
Our Audit Committee was established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). Blair M. Fonda is a member of the Audit Committee and serves as its Chairman. Alfred J. (Fred) Mulder is a member of the Audit Committee. Both Mr. Fonda and Mr. Mulder are "independent" within the meaning of Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act and the NASDAQ Stock Market Rules. Our board has determined Mr. Fonda is an "audit committee financial expert", as such term is defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K. 
The Audit Committee oversees our accounting and financial reporting processes and oversee the audit of our financial statements and the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. The specific functions of this Committee include, but are not limited to:
[BEGIN TABLE]
· appointing, approving the compensation of, and assessing the independence of our independent registered public accounting firm;  
· overseeing the work of our independent registered public accounting firm, including through the receipt and consideration of reports from such firm;  
· reviewing and discussing with management and the independent registered public accounting firm our annual and quarterly financial statements and related disclosures;  
· monitoring our internal control over financial reporting, disclosure controls and procedures and code of business conduct and ethics;  
· discussing our risk management policies;  
· establishing policies regarding hiring employees from the independent registered public accounting firm and procedures for the receipt and retention of accounting related complaints and concerns;  
· meeting independently with our independent registered public accounting firm and management;  
· reviewing and approving or ratifying any related person transactions; and  
· preparing the audit committee report required by SEC rules.  
[END TABLE]
In 2017, Blair M. Fonda, the current Chairman of the Company's Audit Committee, held approximately one telephonic meeting with the Company's Auditors. The Company's board of directors were involved in reviewing the Company's financial statements and auditor's comments as well.
Compensation Committee
Alfred J. (Fred) Mulder is a member of the Compensation Committee and serves as Chairman. Mr. Mulder is "independent" within the meaning of the NASDAQ Stock Market Rules. Mr. Mulder qualifies as a "non-employee director" under Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act. Our Compensation Committee assists the board of directors in the discharge of its responsibilities relating to the compensation of the board of directors and our executive officers. Mr. Fonda also serves as a member of the Compensation Committee. The Committee's compensation-related responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
[BEGIN TABLE]
· reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives with respect to compensation for our Chief Executive Officer;  
· reviewing, approving and recommending to our board of directors on an annual basis the evaluation process and compensation structure for our other executive officers;  
· determining the need for and the appropriateness of employment agreements and change in control agreements for each of our executive officers and any other officers recommended by the Chief Executive Officer or board of directors;  
· providing oversight of management's decisions concerning the performance and compensation of other company officers, employees, consultants and advisors;  
· reviewing our incentive compensation and other equity-based plans and recommending changes in such plans to our board of directors as needed, and exercising all the authority of our board of directors with respect to the administration of such plans;  
· reviewing and recommending to our board of directors the compensation of independent directors, including incentive and equity-based compensation; and  
· selecting, retaining and terminating such compensation consultants, outside counsel or other advisors as it deems necessary or appropriate.  
[END TABLE]
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
We do not currently have a standing Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. The Board intends to form a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee in the near future. Each such member of the committee will be "independent" within the meaning of the NASDAQ Stock Market Rules. The purpose of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will be to recommend to the board nominees for election as directors and persons to be elected to fill any vacancies on the board, develop and recommend a set of corporate governance principles and oversee the performance of the Board. 
It is anticipated that the Committee's responsibilities include:
[BEGIN TABLE]
· recommending to the board of director's nominees for election as directors at any meeting of stockholders and nominees to fill vacancies on the board;  
· considering candidates proposed by stockholders in accordance with the requirements in the Committee charter;  
· overseeing the administration of the Company's Code of Ethics;  
· reviewing with the entire board of directors, on an annual basis, the requisite skills and criteria for board candidates and the composition of the board as a whole;  
· the authority to retain search firms to assist in identifying board candidates, approve the terms of the search firm's engagement, and cause the Company to pay the engaged search firm's engagement fee;  
· recommending to the board of directors on an annual basis the directors to be appointed to each committee of the board of directors;  
· overseeing an annual self-evaluation of the board of directors and its committees to determine whether it and its committees are functioning effectively;  
· developing and recommending to the board a set of corporate governance guidelines applicable to the Company.  
[END TABLE]
Family Relationships
There are no family relationships among any of our directors, director candidates or executive officers.
Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings
To the best of our knowledge, none of our directors or executive officers has, during the past ten (10) years:
[BEGIN TABLE]
● Been convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses);  
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
● Had any bankruptcy petition filed by or against the business or property of the person, or of any partnership, corporation or business association of which he was a general partner or executive officer, either at the time of the bankruptcy filing or within two years prior to that time;  
● Been subject to any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction or federal or state authority, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting, his involvement in any type of business, securities, futures, commodities, investment, banking, savings and loan or insurance activities, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity;  
● Been found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended or vacated;  
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
● Been the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated (not including any settlement of a civil proceeding among private litigants), relating to an alleged violation of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or  
● Been the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member.  
[END TABLE]
Except as set forth in our discussion below in "Certain Relationships and Related Transactions," none of our directors or executive officers has been involved in any transactions with us or any of our directors, executive officers, affiliates or associates which are required to be disclosed pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Commission.
Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act
Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the Company's directors, executive officers and persons who beneficially own 10% or more of a class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act to file reports of beneficial ownership and changes in beneficial ownership with the SEC. Directors, executive officers and greater than 10% stockholders are required by the rules and regulations of the SEC to furnish the Company with copies of all reports filed by them in compliance with Section 16(a).
Based solely on our review of certain reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the reports required to be filed with respect to transactions in our Common Stock during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017, were timely.
Code of Ethics
The Company has adopted a Code of Ethics for adherence by its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to ensure honest and ethical conduct; full, fair and proper disclosure of financial information in the Company's periodic reports filed pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and compliance with applicable laws, rules, and regulations. Any person may obtain a copy of our Code of Ethics by mailing a request to the Company at the address appearing on the front page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Director Compensation
Each independent director is entitled to receive $15,000 per annum for service on our Board in 2017. In addition, Chairmen of committees are awarded an additional $5,000 per annum in compensation in connection with their service in such capacity.
The following table summarizes data concerning the compensation of our non-employee directors for the year ended December 31, 2017.
[BEGIN TABLE]
Name     Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($)        Stock Awards ($)        Option Awards ($)        Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ($)        Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ($)        All Other Compensation ($)        Total ($)     
Name     Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($)        Stock Awards ($)        Option Awards ($)        Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ($)        Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ($)        All Other Compensation ($)        Total ($)     
Blair Fonda (1)        12,917           —           —           —           —           —           12,917     
John Giles (2)        0           —           —           —           —           —           0     
Joseph Glodek (3)        0           —           —           —           —           —           0     
Alfred J. (Fred) Mulder (4)        17,500           —           —           —           —           —           17,500     
[END TABLE]
Executive Compensation
The compensation provided to our "named executive officers" for 2017 and 2016 is set forth in detail in the Summary Compensation Table and other tables and the accompanying footnotes and narrative that follow this section. This section explains our executive compensation philosophy, objectives and design, our compensation-setting process, our executive compensation program components and the decisions made for compensation in respect of 2016 for each of our named executive officers.
Compensation-Setting Process/Role of Our Compensation Committee
The Compensation Committee has responsibility for the Company's compensation practices with appropriate approval and general oversight from the Board. This responsibility includes the determination of compensation levels and awards provided to the named executive officers. The Compensation Committee provides a recommendation for the performance review and any compensation adjustments to the Board for approval. Grants of equity-based compensation are approved by the Compensation Committee in accordance with the Company's stock incentive and award plan established by the Compensation Committee.
Base Salary
We provide base salary as a fixed source of compensation for our executive officers, allowing them a degree of certainty when having a meaningful portion of their compensation "at risk" in the form of equity awards covering the shares of a Company for whose shares there has been limited liquidity to date. The Board recognizes the importance of base salaries as an element of compensation that helps to attract highly qualified executive talent.
Base salaries for our executive officers were established primarily based on individual negotiations with the executive officers when they joined us and reflect the scope of their anticipated responsibilities, the individual experience they bring, the Board members' experiences and knowledge in compensating similarly situated individuals at other companies, our then-current cash constraints and a general sense of internal pay equity among our executive officers and key personnel. The Compensation Committee does not apply specific formulas in determining base salary increases. Actual base salaries may differ from the competitive market rates target as a result of various other factors including relative depth of experience, prior individual performance and expected future contributions, internal pay equity considerations within our Company and the degree of difficulty in replacing the individual.
Summary Compensation Table
The compensation provided to our "named executive officers" for 2017 and 2016 is set forth in detail in the Summary Compensation Table and other tables and the accompanying footnotes and narrative that follow this section. This section explains our executive compensation philosophy, objectives and design, our compensation-setting process, our executive compensation program components and the decisions made for compensation in respect of 2016 for each of our named executive officers.
Our named executive officers who appear in the 2017 Summary Compensation Table are:
[BEGIN TABLE]
Gianni B. Arcaini     Chief Executive Officer and President  
Adrian G. Godlfarb     Chief Financial Officer, EVP    
Adrian G. Godlfarb     Chief Financial Officer, EVP    
Connie L. Weeks    Chief Accounting Officer, EVP  
[END TABLE]
The following table sets forth the total compensation received for services rendered in all capacities to our Company for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, which was awarded to, earned by, or paid to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer (the "Named Executive Officers").
[BEGIN TABLE]
Name and Principal Position     Year     Salary ($)        Bonus ($)        Stock ($)        Other Comp. ($)        Total ($)     
Name and Principal Position     Year     Salary ($)        Bonus ($)        Stock ($)        Other Comp. ($)        Total ($)     
Gianni B. Arcaini,  Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, President, Director     2017        226,600            38,846  (1)                 26,895  (2)        292,341     
2016        226,600           61,000  (1)                  26,895  (2)         314,495     
Adrian G. Goldfarb, Chief Financial Officer, EVP, Director     2017        152,083            —        —           —           152,083      
2016        142,500                                               142,500     
Connie L. Weeks, Chief Accounting Officer, EVP     2017        120,000           —           —           —           120,000     
2016        115,000                                               115,000     
[END TABLE]
Potential Payments upon Change of Control or Termination following a Change of Control
Our employment agreement with Mr. Arcaini, our Chief Executive Officer, provides incremental compensation in the event of termination, as described herein. Generally, we currently do not provide any severance specifically upon a change in control nor do we provide for accelerated vesting upon change in control. 
Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 2017
There were no outstanding equity awards at December 31, 2017.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.
On August 1, 2012 the Company entered into independent contractor master services agreement (the "Services Agreement") with Luceon, LLC, a Florida company, owned by our Chief Technology Officer, David Ponevac. The Services Agreement provides that Luceon will provide support services including management, coordination or software development services and related services to Duos from time to time.
On January 24, 2016, the wife of the CEO loaned the Company an additional $20,000 at an annual percentage rate of 8% and repayable by the Company when sufficient funds are available. The Company made payment in full on November 27, 2017. The total principal due at December 31, 2017 and 2016 was zero and $56,500, respectively. 
On January 28, 2016, the CFO loaned the Company $30,000, accruing interest at 8% per annum which is repayable by the Company when sufficient funds are available. On November 24, the Company and CFO agreed to convert $30,000 plus the accrued interest balance of $4,020 for 34,020 shares of Common Stock. At December 31, 2017 and 2016, the outstanding loan balance was zero and $31,973, respectively.
On July 19, 2016, the Company received a $60,000 loan less fees of $75 for a related party loan with proceeds of $59,925 from the Company's CEO. The promissory note carries an annual interest rate of 7.99% with a monthly installment payment of $1,052 through July 19, 2022. As of December 31, 2017 and 2016, the outstanding balance was $48,215 and $56,613, respectively. 
Effective November 24, 2017, with the closing of the Company's private placement offering, (i) Gianni B. Arcaini, the Chief Executive Officer, converted $700,543 of accrued salary into 700,543 shares of the Company's Common Stock at a $1.00 per share and 700,543 warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock of the Company at an exercise price of $1.00 per share, expiring five years from the Initial Grant Date (as defined in the warrant), (ii) Adrian G. Goldfarb, the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, converted $34,020 of liabilities into 34,020 shares of the Company's Common Stock at a $1.00 per share and 34,020 warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock of the Company at an exercise price of $1.00 per share, expiring five years from the Initial Grant Date.
Policy on Future Related Party Transactions
The Company requires that any related party transactions must be approved by a majority of the Company's independent directors. COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT
Recommendations of the Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee of the Board is currently comprised of Alfred J. (Fred) Mulder and Blair M. Fonda, each of whom the Board has determined to be independent. This report shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act") by virtue of any general statement in such filing incorporating the Annual Report by reference, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates the information contained in this section by reference and shall not otherwise be deemed filed under either the Securities Act or the Exchange Act.
The Compensation Committee has reviewed and discussed with management the disclosure regarding Executive Compensation contained in this proxy statement for the Annual Meeting. Based on the review and discussions, the Compensation Committee recommended to the Board that such disclosure be included in this proxy statement.
This Compensation Report has been furnished by the Compensation Committee of the Board.
Alfred J. (Fred) Mulder, Chairman
Blair M. Fonda
AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT
The following Report of the Audit Committee (the "Audit Report") does not constitute soliciting material and should not be deemed filed or incorporated by reference into any other Company filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except to the extent the Company specifically incorporates this Audit Report by reference therein.
Role of the Audit Committee
The Audit Committee oversees our accounting and financial reporting processes and oversee the audit of our financial statements and the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. The specific functions of this Committee include, but are not limited to:
[BEGIN TABLE]
· appointing, approving the compensation of, and assessing the independence of our independent registered public accounting firm;  
· overseeing the work of our independent registered public accounting firm, including through the receipt and consideration of reports from such firm;  
· reviewing and discussing with management and the independent registered public accounting firm our annual and quarterly financial statements and related disclosures;  
· monitoring our internal control over financial reporting, disclosure controls and procedures and code of business conduct and ethics;  
· discussing our risk management policies;  
· establishing policies regarding hiring employees from the independent registered public accounting firm and procedures for the receipt and retention of accounting related complaints and concerns;  
· meeting independently with our independent registered public accounting firm and management;  
· reviewing and approving or ratifying any related person transactions; and  
· preparing the audit committee report required by SEC rules.  
[END TABLE]
With respect to the Company's outside auditors, the Audit Committee, among other things, discussed with Salberg & Company, P.A. matters relating to its independence, including the disclosures made to the Audit Committee as required by the Independence Standards Board Standard No. 1 (Independence Discussions with Audit Committees).
Recommendations of the Audit Committee. In reliance on the reviews and discussions referred to above, the Audit Committee recommended to the Board that the Board approve the inclusion of the Company's audited financial statements in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017, for filing with the SEC.
This report has been furnished by the Audit Committee of the Board.
Blair M. Fonda, Chairman
Alfred J. (Fred) Mulder PROPOSAL NO. 2
RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM
The Board has appointed Salberg & Company, P.A. ("Salberg"), as our independent registered public accounting firm to examine the consolidated financial statements of the Company for fiscal year ending December 31, 2018. The Board seeks an indication from shareholders of their approval or disapproval of the appointment.
Salberg will audit our consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018. We anticipate that a representative of Salberg will be present by telephone at the Annual Meeting, will have the opportunity to make a statement if they desire to do so, and will be available to respond to appropriate questions.
Our consolidated financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2017 were audited by Salberg.
In the event shareholders fail to ratify the appointment of Salberg, the Board of Directors will reconsider this appointment. Even if the appointment is ratified, the Board of Directors, in its discretion, may direct the appointment of a different independent registered public accounting firm at any time during the year if the Board of Directors determines that such a change would be in the interests of the Company and its shareholders.
The following table presents for each of the last two fiscal years the aggregate fees billed in connection with the audits of our financial statements and other professional services rendered by our independent registered public accounting firm Salberg & Company, P.A.
[BEGIN TABLE]
      2017        2016     
Audit Fees (1)     $  95,200        $  88,600     
Audit-Related Fees (2)        53,000           9,100     
Tax Fees (3)        —           —     
All Other Fees (4)        —           —     
Total Accounting fees and Services     $  148,200        $  97,700     
[END TABLE]
———————
(1)  Audit Fees. These are fees for professional services for the audit of our annual financial statements, and for the review of the financial statements included in our filings on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, and for services that are normally provided in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements.
(2)  Audit-Related Fees. These are fees for assurance and related services by the principal accountant that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of the registrant's financial statements.
(3)  Tax Fees. These are fees for professional services rendered by the principal accountant with respect to tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning.
(4)  All Other Fees. These are fees for products and services provided by the principal accountant, other than the services reported above.
Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures
The Company's Audit Committee has adopted policies and procedures that shall require the pre-approval by the Audit Committee of all fees paid to, and all services performed by, the Company's independent accounting firms. At the beginning of each year, the Audit Committee shall approve the proposed services, including the nature, type and scope of services contemplated and the related fees, to be rendered by these firms during the year. In addition, Audit Committee pre-approval is also required for those engagements that may arise during the course of the year that are outside the scope of the initial services and fees pre-approved by the Audit Committee.
The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the Company's Common Stock represented and voting at the Annual Meeting either in person or by proxy will be required for approval of this proposal. Neither abstentions nor broker non-votes shall have any effect on the outcome of this vote.
RECOMMENDATION OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS:
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS A VOTE "FOR" THE RATIFICATION OF SALBERG AS THE COMPANY'S INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM. FUTURE SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS
The Board has not yet determined the date on which the next Annual Meeting of shareholders will be held. Shareholders may submit proposals on matters appropriate for shareholder action at annual meetings in accordance with the rules and regulations adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Company's Bylaws. Any proposal which an eligible shareholder desires to have included in our proxy statement and presented at the next Annual Meeting of Shareholders will be included in our proxy statement and related proxy card if it is received by us a reasonable time before we begin to print and send our proxy materials and if it complies with Securities and Exchange Commission rules regarding inclusion of proposals in proxy statements. In order to avoid controversy as to the date on which we receive a proposal, it is suggested that any shareholder who wishes to submit a proposal submit such proposal by certified mail, return receipt requested. Notices should be directed to: Duos Technology Group, Inc., at 6622 Southpoint Drive S., Suite 310, Jacksonville, Florida 32216, Attention: Secretary.
Other deadlines apply to the submission of shareholder proposals for the next Annual Meeting that are not required to be included in our proxy statement under Securities and Exchange Commission rules. With respect to these shareholder proposals for the next Annual Meeting, a shareholder's notice must be received by us a reasonable time before we begin to print and send our proxy materials. The form of proxy distributed by the Board of Directors for such meeting will confer discretionary authority to vote on any such proposal not received by such date. If any such proposal is received by such date, the proxy statement for the meeting will provide advice on the nature of the matter and how we intend to exercise our discretion to vote on each such matter if it is presented at that meeting.
AVAILABILITY OF ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K AND HOUSEHOLDING
A copy of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with the SEC is available upon written request and without charge to shareholders by writing to the Company at Duos Technology Group, Inc., at 6622 Southpoint Drive S., Suite 310, Jacksonville, Florida 32216 or by calling telephone number (904) 652-1616.
In certain cases, only one Proxy Statement may be delivered to multiple shareholders sharing an address unless the Company has received contrary instructions from one or more of the shareholders at that address. The Company will undertake to deliver promptly upon written or oral request a separate copy of the Proxy Statement, as applicable, to a shareholder at a shared address to which a single copy of such documents was delivered. Such request should also be directed to Chief Executive Officer, Duos Technology Group, Inc., at the address or telephone number indicated in the previous paragraph. In addition, shareholders sharing an address can request delivery of a single copy of Proxy Statements if they are receiving multiple copies of Proxy Statements by directing such request to the same mailing address.
OTHER BUSINESS
We have not received notice of and do not expect any matters to be presented for vote at the Annual Meeting, other than the proposals described in this Proxy Statement. If you grant a proxy, the person named as proxy holder, Gianni B. Arcaini, or their nominees or substitutes, will have the discretion to vote your shares on any additional matters properly presented for a vote at the Annual Meeting. If for any unforeseen reason, any of our nominees are not available as a candidate for director, the proxy holder will vote your proxy for such other candidate or candidates nominated by our Board.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
We are subject to the information and reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and in accordance therewith, we file periodic reports, documents and other information with the SEC relating to our business, financial statements and other matters. Such reports and other information may be inspected and are available for copying at the offices of the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549 or may be accessed at www.sec.gov. Information regarding the operation of the public reference rooms may be obtained by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. You are encouraged to review our Annual Report on Form 10-K, together with any subsequent information we filed or will file with the SEC and other publicly available information. OTHER MATTERS
We have not received notice of and do not expect any matters to be presented for vote at the Annual Meeting, other than the proposals described in this Proxy Statement. If you grant a proxy, the person named as proxy holder, Gianni Arcaini, or their nominees or substitutes, will have the discretion to vote your shares on any additional matters properly presented for a vote at the Annual Meeting. If for any unforeseen reason, any of our nominees are not available as a candidate for director, the proxy holder will vote your proxy for such other candidate or candidates nominated by our Board.
*************
It is important that the proxies be returned promptly and that your shares be represented. Stockholders are urged to mark, date, execute and promptly return the accompanying proxy card.
[BEGIN TABLE]
November 6, 2018  By Order of the Board of Directors,  
   /s/ Gianni Arcaini  
   Gianni Arcaini  
   Chairman  
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
DUOS TECHNOLOGIES GROUP, INC. 6622 SOUTHPOINT DRIVE SOUTH, SUITE 310 JACKSONVILLE, FL 32216    VOTE BY INTERNET - www.proxyvote.com Use the Internet to transmit your voting instructions and for electronic delivery of information up until 11:59 P.M. Eastern Time the day before the cut-off date or meeting date. Have your proxy card in hand when you access the web site and follow the instructions to obtain your records and to create an electronic voting instruction form.  
DUOS TECHNOLOGIES GROUP, INC. 6622 SOUTHPOINT DRIVE SOUTH, SUITE 310 JACKSONVILLE, FL 32216    VOTE BY INTERNET - www.proxyvote.com Use the Internet to transmit your voting instructions and for electronic delivery of information up until 11:59 P.M. Eastern Time the day before the cut-off date or meeting date. Have your proxy card in hand when you access the web site and follow the instructions to obtain your records and to create an electronic voting instruction form.  
DUOS TECHNOLOGIES GROUP, INC. 6622 SOUTHPOINT DRIVE SOUTH, SUITE 310 JACKSONVILLE, FL 32216    VOTE BY INTERNET - www.proxyvote.com Use the Internet to transmit your voting instructions and for electronic delivery of information up until 11:59 P.M. Eastern Time the day before the cut-off date or meeting date. Have your proxy card in hand when you access the web site and follow the instructions to obtain your records and to create an electronic voting instruction form.  
ELECTRONIC DELIVERY OF FUTURE PROXY MATERIALS If you would like to reduce the costs incurred by our company in mailing proxy materials, you can consent to receiving all future proxy statements, proxy cards and annual reports electronically via e-mail or the Internet. To sign up for electronic delivery, please follow the instructions above to vote using the Internet and, when prompted, indicate that you agree to receive or access proxy materials electronically in future years.  
ELECTRONIC DELIVERY OF FUTURE PROXY MATERIALS If you would like to reduce the costs incurred by our company in mailing proxy materials, you can consent to receiving all future proxy statements, proxy cards and annual reports electronically via e-mail or the Internet. To sign up for electronic delivery, please follow the instructions above to vote using the Internet and, when prompted, indicate that you agree to receive or access proxy materials electronically in future years.  
  VOTE BY PHONE - 1-800-690-6903 Use any touch-tone telephone to transmit your voting instructions up until 11:59 P.M. Eastern Time the day before the cut-off date or meeting date. Have your proxy card in hand when you call and then follow the instructions.  
  VOTE BY PHONE - 1-800-690-6903 Use any touch-tone telephone to transmit your voting instructions up until 11:59 P.M. Eastern Time the day before the cut-off date or meeting date. Have your proxy card in hand when you call and then follow the instructions.  
  VOTE BY MAIL Mark, sign  and date your proxy card and return it in the postage-paid envelope we have provided or return it to Vote Processing, c/o Broadridge, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, NY 11717.  
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
TO VOTE, MARK  BLOCKS BELOW IN BLUE OR BLACK INK AS FOLLOWS:  KEEP THIS PORTION FOR YOUR RECORDS  
—  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  
    DETACH AND RETURN THIS PORTION ONLY  
  THIS PROXY CARD IS VALID ONLY WHEN SIGNED AND DATED.    
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
  For  Withhold  For All  To withhold authority to vote for any individual  
  All  All  Except  nominee(s), mark "For All Except" and write the  
The Board of Directors recommends you vote FOR the following:        number(s) of the nominee(s) on the line below.  
  1.  Election of Directors  ¨  ¨  ¨      
    Nominees:              
    01  Gianni Arcaini  02  Adrian Goldfarb  03  Alfred J. (Fred) Mulder    04  Blair Fonda    
  The Board of Directors recommends you vote FOR the following proposal:    For  Against  Abstain  
  2.  To ratify the appointment of SALBERG & COMPANY, P.A. as the independent registered public accounting firm of the Company.    ¨  ¨  ¨  
  Please sign exactly as your name(s) appear(s) hereon. When signing as attorney, executor, administrator, or    other fiduciary, please give full title as such. Joint owners should each sign personally. All holders must sign.    If a corporation or partnership, please sign in full corporate or partnership name by authorized officer.          
  Signature [PLEASE SIGN WITHIN BOX]  Date    Signature (Joint Owners)  Date    
[END TABLE]
Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual Meeting:
The Notice and Proxy Statement and Form 10-K are available at www.proxyvote.com
[BEGIN TABLE]
—  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
DUOS TECHNOLOGIES GROUP, INC. Annual Meeting of Shareholders December 19, 2018 10:00 AM EST This proxy is solicited by the Board of Directors  
DUOS TECHNOLOGIES GROUP, INC. Annual Meeting of Shareholders December 19, 2018 10:00 AM EST This proxy is solicited by the Board of Directors  
DUOS TECHNOLOGIES GROUP, INC. Annual Meeting of Shareholders December 19, 2018 10:00 AM EST This proxy is solicited by the Board of Directors  
DUOS TECHNOLOGIES GROUP, INC. Annual Meeting of Shareholders December 19, 2018 10:00 AM EST This proxy is solicited by the Board of Directors  
The shareholder(s) hereby appoint(s) Gianni Arcaini, Chief Executive Officer of Duos Technology Group, Inc., as Proxy with full power of substitution to vote all the shares of Common Stock which the undersigned would be entitled to vote if personally present at the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on December 19, 2018, at 10:00 AM, EST, at 6622 Southpoint Drive S., Suite 310, Jacksonville, Florida 32216 or at any postponement or adjournment thereof, and upon any and all matters which may properly be brought before the Annual Meeting or any postponement or adjournments thereof, hereby revoking all former proxies.  
This proxy, when properly executed, will be voted in the manner directed herein. If no such direction is made, this proxy will be voted in accordance with the Board of Directors' recommendations.  
Continued and to be signed on reverse side  
[END TABLE]
 