 
United States
Securities and Exchange Commission
Washington, D.C. 20549
SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION
PROXY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 14(A) OF
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
Filed by Registrant [X]
Filed by a Party other than the Registrant [  ]
Check the appropriate box:
AQUA METALS, INC.
(Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter)
(Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant)
Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box):
March 4, 2019
Dear Stockholder:
You are cordially invited to attend the 2019 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (which we refer to as the "Annual Meeting") of Aqua Metals, Inc., a Delaware corporation (which we refer to as "we," "us," "our," or the "Company"), to be held at the Peppermill Hotel located at 2707 South Virginia St., Reno, NV 89502 , at 8:00 a.m. local time, on Wednesday, March 27, 2019.
At the Annual Meeting, you will be asked to consider and vote upon the following proposals to: (1) elect six (6) directors to serve for the ensuing year as members of the Board of Directors of the Company; (2) ratify the appointment of Armanino LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2019; (3) approve our 2019 Stock Incentive Plan; (4) amend the Company's Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to effect an increase in the number of authorized shares of the Company's common stock from 50,000,000 to 100,000,000 and (5) transact such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting or at any continuation, postponement or adjournment thereof. The accompanying Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement describe these matters in more detail. We urge you to read this information carefully.
The Board of Directors recommends a vote: FOR each of the six (6) nominees for director named in the Proxy Statement, FOR the ratification of the appointment of Armanino LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2019, FOR the approval of our 2019 Stock Incentive Plan, and FOR the amendment of the Company's Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of the Company's common stock from 50,000,000 to 100,000,000.
Whether or not you attend the Annual Meeting in person, and regardless of the number of shares of Aqua Metals, Inc. that you own, it is important that your shares be represented and voted at the Annual Meeting. Therefore, I urge you to vote your shares of common stock via the Internet or by promptly marking, dating, signing, and returning the proxy card via mail or fax. Voting over the Internet, or by written proxy, will ensure that your shares are represented at the Annual Meeting.
On behalf of the Board of Directors of Aqua Metals, Inc., we thank you for your participation.
AQUA METALS, INC.
2500 Peru Dr.
McCarran, Nevada 89437
(775) 525-1936
NOTICE OF 2019 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
TO BE HELD ON MARCH 27, The 2019 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (which we refer to as the "Annual Meeting") of Aqua Metals, Inc., a Delaware corporation (which we refer to as "we," "us," "our," or the "Company"), will be held on Wednesday, March 27, 2019 at 8:00 a.m. local time, at the Peppermill Hotel located at 2707 South Virginia St., Reno, NV 89502. We will consider and act on the following items of business at the Annual Meeting:
The Proxy Statement accompanying this Notice describes each of these items of business in detail. Only stockholders of record at the close of business on March 1, 2019 are entitled to notice of, to attend, and to vote at, the Annual Meeting or any continuation, postponement or adjournment thereof.
To ensure your representation at the Annual Meeting, you are urged to vote your shares of common stock via the Internet or by promptly marking, dating, signing, and returning the proxy card via mail or fax. Voting instructions are printed on your proxy card and included in the accompanying Proxy Statement. Any stockholder attending the Annual Meeting may vote in person even if he or she previously submitted a proxy. If your shares of common stock are held by a bank, broker or other agent, please follow the instructions from your bank, broker or other agent to have your shares voted.
McCarran, Nevada
March 4, 2019
TABLE OF CONTENTS
AQUA METALS, INC.
2500 Peru Drive
McCarran, Nevada, 89437
(775) 525-1936
PROXY STATEMENT
FOR ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
TO BE HELD ON MARCH 27, 2019
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ANNUAL MEETING
General
Your proxy is solicited on behalf of the Board of Directors (which we refer to as our "Board") of Aqua Metals, Inc., a Delaware corporation (which we refer to as "we," "us," "our," or the "Company"), for use at our 2019 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (which we refer to as the "Annual Meeting") to be held on 27th day, March, 2019, at 8:00 a.m. local time, at the Peppermill Hotel located at 2707 South Virginia St., Reno, NV 89502, or at any continuation, postponement or adjournment thereof, for the purposes discussed in this Proxy Statement and in the accompanying Notice of Annual Meeting. Proxies are solicited to give all stockholders of record an opportunity to vote on matters properly presented at the Annual Meeting.
We intend to mail this Proxy Statement, the proxy card and the Notice of Annual Meeting on or about March 6, 2019 to all stockholders of record entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting.
Who Can Vote, Outstanding Shares
Record holders of our common stock as of the close of business on March 1, 2019, the record date for the Annual Meeting, are entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting on all matters to be voted upon. As of the record date, there were 44,359,691 shares of our common stock outstanding, each entitled to one vote.
Voting of Shares
You may vote by attending the Annual Meeting and voting in person or you may vote by submitting a proxy. The method of voting by proxy differs for shares held as a record holder and shares held in "street name." If you hold your shares of common stock as a record holder, you may vote your shares over the Internet by following the instructions in the proxy card delivered to you or by completing, dating and signing the proxy card and promptly returning the proxy card via mail or facsimile. If you hold your shares of common stock in street name, which means that your shares are held of record by a broker, bank or other nominee, you will receive the notice from your broker, bank or other nominee that includes instructions on how to vote your shares.
If you are a stockholder of record, you may vote your shares as follows:
YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT. You should submit your proxy even if you plan to attend the Annual Meeting. If you properly give your proxy and submit it to us in time to vote, one of the individuals named as your proxy will vote your shares as you have directed. Any stockholder attending the Annual Meeting may vote in person even if he or she previously submitted a proxy.
All shares entitled to vote and represented by properly submitted proxies (including those submitted electronically and in writing) received before the polls are closed at the Annual Meeting, and not revoked or superseded, will be voted at the Annual Meeting in accordance with the instructions indicated on those proxies. If no direction is indicated on a proxy, your shares will be voted as follows:
● FOR each of the six (6) nominees for director named in the Proxy Statement, and
● FOR the ratification of the appointment of Armanino LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2019, and
● FOR the approval of our 2019 Stock Incentive Plan, and
● FOR the amendment to the Company's Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to effect an increase in the number of authorized shares of the Company's common stock from 50,000,000 to 100,000,000.
With respect to any other matter that properly comes before the Annual Meeting or any continuation, postponement or adjournment thereof, the proxy-holders will vote as recommended by our Board, or if no recommendation is given, in their own discretion.
Revocation of Proxy
If you are a stockholder of record, you may revoke your proxy at any time before your proxy is voted at the Annual Meeting by taking any of the following actions:
Written notices of revocation and other communications with respect to the revocation of Company proxies should be addressed to:
Aqua Metals, Inc.
2500 Peru Drive
McCarran, Nevada 89434
Attention: Corporate Secretary
If your shares are held in "street name," you may change your vote by submitting new voting instructions to your broker, bank or other nominee. You must contact your broker, bank or other nominee to find out how to do so. See below regarding how to vote in person if your shares are held in street name.
Voting in Person
If you plan to attend the Annual Meeting and wish to vote in person, you will be given a ballot at the Annual Meeting. Please note, however, that if your shares are held in "street name," which means your shares are held of record by a broker, bank or other nominee, and you wish to vote at the Annual Meeting, you must bring to the Annual Meeting a legal proxy from the record holder of the shares, which is the broker or other nominee, authorizing you to vote at the Annual Meeting.
Stockholders who wish to attend the Annual Meeting will be required to present verification of ownership of our common stock, such as a bank or brokerage firm account statement, and will be required to present a valid government-issued picture identification, such as a driver's license or passport, to gain admittance to the Annual Meeting. No cameras, recording equipment, electronic devices, large bags, briefcases or packages will be permitted in the Annual Meeting.
Quorum and Votes Required
The inspector of elections appointed for the Annual Meeting will tabulate votes cast by proxy or in person at the Annual Meeting. The inspector of elections will also determine whether a quorum is present. In order to constitute a quorum for the conduct of business at the Annual Meeting, a majority in voting power of all of the shares of the stock entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting must be present in person or represented by proxy at the Annual Meeting. Shares that abstain from voting on any proposal, or that are represented by broker non-votes (as discussed below), will be treated as shares that are present and entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting for purposes of determining whether a quorum is present.
A broker non-vote occurs when a broker, bank or other agent holding shares for a beneficial owner has not received instructions from the beneficial owner and does not have discretionary authority to vote the shares for certain non-routine matters. Shares represented by proxies that reflect a broker non-vote will be counted for purposes of determining the presence of a quorum. The election of directors (Proposal 1), approval of our 2019 Stock Incentive Plan (Proposal 3), and approval to amend the Company's Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to effect an increase in the number of authorized shares of the Company's common stock from 50,000,000 to 100,000,000 (Proposal 4) are considered non-routine matters and broker non-votes, if any, will not be counted as votes cast and will have no effect on the result of the vote. The ratification of the appointment of Armanino LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm (Proposal 2) is considered a routine matter on which a broker, bank or other agent has discretionary authority to vote, so we do not expect any broker non-votes in connection with this proposal.
Proposal No. 1: Election of Directors. A plurality of the votes cast by the holders of shares entitled to vote in the election of directors at the Annual Meeting is required for the election of directors. Accordingly, the six (6) director nominees receiving the highest number of votes will be elected. Abstentions and broker non-votes are not treated as votes cast and, therefore, will not have any effect on the outcome of the election of directors.
Proposal No. 2: Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the votes cast and entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting is required for the ratification of the appointment of Armanino LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2019. Abstentions will not be counted either for or against this proposal. Brokers generally have discretionary authority to vote on the ratification of our independent registered public accounting firm and, therefore, broker non-votes are generally not expected to result from the vote on Proposal No. 2. However, in the event of any broker non-votes or abstentions in connection with Proposal No. 2, such broker non-votes and abstentions will be counted as not present and these shares will be deducted from the total shares of which a majority is required.
Proposal No. 3: Approval of our 2019 Stock Incentive Plan. The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the votes cast and entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting is required for the approval of our 2019 Stock Incentive Plan. In the event of any broker non-votes or abstentions in connection with Proposal No. 3, such broker non-votes and abstentions will be counted as not present and these shares will be deducted from the total shares of which a majority is required.
Proposal No. 4: Approval to amend the Company's Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to effect an increase in the number of authorized shares of the Company's common stock from 50,000,000 to 100,000,000. The affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of the Company's common stock issued and outstanding as of the record date and entitled to vote is required for approval. Abstentions will be treated as shares that are present or represented and entitled to vote for purposes of determining the presence of a quorum but will not be treated as votes in favor of approval. Thus, abstentions have the effect of negative votes on the proposal. If no specific instructions are given in the proxy, the shares will be voted for approval of Proposal 4. Shares as to which proxy authority has been withheld with respect to Proposal 4, including broker non-votes, will not be considered as present or represented with respect to the proposal but will otherwise have the same effect as a negative vote on Proposal 4.
We will also consider any other business that properly comes before the Annual Meeting, or any adjournment or postponement thereof. As of the record date, we are not aware of any other matters to be submitted for consideration at the Annual Meeting. If any other matters are properly brought before the Annual Meeting, the persons named on the enclosed proxy card will vote the shares as recommended by our Board, or if no recommendation is given, in their own discretion.
Solicitation of Proxies
Our Board is soliciting proxies for the Annual Meeting from our stockholders. We will bear the entire cost of soliciting proxies from our stockholders. In addition to the solicitation of proxies by delivery of this Proxy Statement by mail, we will request that brokers, banks and other nominees that hold shares of our common stock, which are beneficially owned by our stockholders, send proxies and proxy materials to those beneficial owners and secure those beneficial owners' voting instructions. We will reimburse those record holders for their reasonable expenses. We do not intend to hire a proxy solicitor to assist in the solicitation of proxies. We may use several of our regular employees, who will not be specially compensated, to solicit proxies from our stockholders, either personally or by Internet, facsimile or special delivery letter.
Stockholder List
A list of stockholders eligible to vote at the Annual Meeting will be available for inspection, for any purpose germane to the Annual Meeting, at the principal executive office of the Company during regular business hours for a period of no less than ten (10) days prior to the Annual Meeting.
Forward-Looking Statements
This Proxy Statement contains "forward-looking statements" (as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995). These statements are based on our current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties, which may cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the statements. The forward-looking statements may include statements regarding actions to be taken by us. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Forward-looking statements should be evaluated together with the many uncertainties that affect our business, particularly those mentioned in the risk factors in Item 1A of our 2018 Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and our Current Reports on Form 8-K.
PROPOSAL NO. 1
ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
Board Nominees
Our Board currently consists of six (6) members, five (5) of whom are independent under the listing standards for independence of the NASDAQ and four (4) of whom are independent under Rule 10A-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (which we refer to as the "Exchange Act"). Based upon the recommendation of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of our Board, our Board determined to nominate each of the Company's current directors for re-election at the Annual Meeting.
Our Board and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee believe the directors nominated collectively have the experience, qualifications, attributes and skills to effectively oversee the management of the Company, including a high degree of personal and professional integrity, an ability to exercise sound business judgment on a broad range of issues, sufficient experience and background to have an appreciation of the issues facing the Company, a willingness to devote the necessary time to Board duties, a commitment to representing the best interests of the Company and our stockholders and a dedication to enhancing stockholder value.
Each director elected at the Annual Meeting will serve a one (1) year term until the Company's next annual meeting and until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified or until his or her earlier death, resignation or removal. Unless otherwise instructed, the proxy-holders will vote the proxies received by them for the six (6) nominees named below. If any of the nominees is unable, or declines to serve as a director at the time of the Annual Meeting, the proxies will be voted for any nominee designated by the present Board to fill the vacancy. It is not presently expected that any of the nominees named below will be unable or will decline to serve as a director. If additional persons are nominated for election as directors, the proxy-holders intend to vote all proxies received by them in a manner to assure the election of as many of the nominees listed below as possible. In such event, the specific nominees to be voted for will be determined by the proxy-holders.
Set forth below are the names, ages and positions of our director nominees as of the date of this Proxy Statement:
[BEGIN TABLE]
Name   Age   Position                                           with the Company 
[END TABLE]
(a) Member of the Audit Committee of our Board.
(b) Member of the Compensation Committee of our Board.
(c) Member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of our Board.
(d) Member of the Executive Development and Succession Committee of our Board.
Board Recommendation
OUR BOARD RECOMMENDS A VOTE "FOR" EACH OF THE SIX (6) NOMINEESFOR DIRECTOR NAMED IN THIS PROXY STATEMENT.
Vacancies on our Board, including any vacancy created by an increase in the size of our Board, may be filled by a majority of the directors remaining in office (even though less than a quorum of our Board) or a sole remaining director, or by the stockholders. A director elected by our Board to fill a vacancy will serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until such director's successor is elected and qualified, or until such director's earlier retirement, resignation, disqualification, removal or death.
If any nominee should become unavailable for election prior to the Annual Meeting, an event that currently is not anticipated by our Board, the proxies will be voted in favor of the election of a substitute nominee or nominees proposed by our Board. Each nominee has agreed to serve if elected and our Board has no reason to believe that any nominee will be unable to serve.
Information about Director Nominees
Set forth below is biographical information for each nominee and a summary of the specific qualifications, attributes, skills and experiences which led our Board to conclude that each nominee should serve on our Board at this time. There are no family relationships among any of the directors or executive officers of the Company.
S. Shariq Yosufzai has served as a member of the Board since May 2, 2018. Mr. Yosufzai was most recently the Vice President, Global Diversity for the Chevron Corporation ("Chevron")(CVX), a multinational energy corporation, from 2013 to March 2018. He held a number of positions at Chevron and its various affiliates, including Vice President (from 2010 to 2013); President of Chevron Global Marketing, a business unit within Chevron (from 2004 to 2010); Co-President of Chevron Products Company, North America, Chevron's North America Refining & Marketing operations (from 2003 to 2004); and President of Chevron Texaco Global Lubricants (from 2001 to 2003). Prior to that, he worked at Caltex Corporation, a joint venture between Chevron and Texaco, Inc., as the Corporate Vice President, Caltex Corporation & President, Caltex Lubricants & New Business Development (from 2000 to 2001) and held a number of other senior level management positions at Caltex Corporation from 1998 to 2000. From 1991 to 1998, he worked at Texaco Inc., a subsidiary of Chevron, and served as the President of Texaco Lubricants Company from 1994 to 1998. As part of a joint enterprise between Texaco, Inc. and Saudi Aramco, Mr. Yosufzai was employed at Star Enterprise from 1988 to 1991 where he held a number of positions and prior to that began his career at Texaco, Inc., from 1975 to 1983. His past board memberships include Chairman of the Board of Directors of Caltex Lubricants Lanka Ltd.; Member of the Board of Directors of Caltex Australia Limited; and Member of the Management Committee of Star Enterprise. Mr. Yosufzai currently serves as Chair of the AIChE Foundation (The American Institute of Chemical Engineers) since November 2017, Chair of the Board of Directors of the California Chamber of Commerce and is an Executive Committee Member of the San Francisco Opera's Board of Directors. He previously served as Chair of the Board of the Association of Former Students of Texas A&M. Mr. Yosufzai also serves as Executive Sponsor of Chevron's University Partnership Program for the University of California, Berkeley, and Texas A&M University, and on the Advisory Board of Texas A&M's Dwight Look College of Engineering and on the Chancellor's Century Council of the Texas A&M University System. Named a Distinguished Graduate of the Chemical Engineering Department of Texas A&M University in 1998, in 1999 he became the first person to be honored by the school as both an Outstanding International Alumnus and a Distinguished Alumnus. In 2011, he served as Chair of the Board of the California Chamber of Commerce and was named an Outstanding Alumnus of the Dwight Look College of Engineering at Texas A&M. He attended Extensive Education schools at both Columbia University, Graduate School of Business at Arden House and McIntire School of Commerce, University of Virginia and received his B.S. in Chemical Engineering from Texas A&M University.
Mr. Yosufzai has extensive managerial, operational and financial experience. As a result of these and other professional experiences, our Board has concluded that Mr. Yosufzai is qualified to serve as a director.
Stephen Cotton has served as our Chief Executive Officer since January 7, 2019 and President since May 2, 2018. Mr. Cotton previously served as Chief Commercial Officer of the Company from January 2015 to June 9, 2017. Previously, Mr. Cotton co-founded Canara, Inc. in December 2001 and served as its chief executive officer through the sale of the company to a private equity firm in June 2012, after which he served as executive chairman until April 2014. Canara is a global provider of stationary battery systems with integrated monitoring systems and cloud-based monitoring services to many of the largest data center operators. From April 2014 to January 2015 and June 9, 2017 to the May 2, 2018, Mr. Cotton managed his private investments.
Mr. Cotton has extensive managerial and operational experience as a result of his executive officer positions with Canara and the Company. As a result of these and other professional experiences, our Board has concluded that Mr. Cotton is qualified to serve as a director.
Vincent L. DiVito has served as a member of our Board since May 2015. From April 19, 2018 to May 2, 2018, Mr. DiVito served as non-executive Chairman of the Board. Since April 2010, Mr. DiVito has served as the owner and chief executive officer of Vincent L. DiVito, Inc., a financial and management consulting firm. From January 2008 to April 2010, Mr. DiVito served as president of Lonza America, Inc., a global life sciences chemical business headquartered in Allendale, New Jersey, and also served as chief financial officer and treasurer of Lonza America, Inc. from September 2000 to April 2010. Lonza America, Inc. is part of Lonza Group, whose stock is traded on the Swiss Stock Exchange. From 1990 to September 2000, Mr. DiVito was employed by Algroup Wheaton, a global pharmaceutical and cosmetics packaging company, first as its director of business development and later as its vice president and chief financial officer. Mr. DiVito is a certified public accountant and certified management accountant and is a National Association of Corporate Directors Board Leadership Fellow. He served on the board of directors and chairman of the audit committee of Entertainment Gaming Asia Inc., a Nasdaq listed gaming company, from October 2005 until its acquisition in July 2017, and also served as a member of the board of directors of Riviera Holdings Corporation, formerly an AMEX listed gaming and resort company, from July 2002 until the consummation of a change in control of the corporation in March 2011.
Mr. DiVito has extensive knowledge of accounting and corporate governance issues from his experience serving on various corporate boards of directors and has extensive operational knowledge as a result of his experience as a senior executive officer of major corporations. As a result of these and other professional experiences, our Board has concluded that Mr. DiVito is qualified to serve as a director.
Gayle J. Gibson has served as a member of our Board since January 30, 2019. Ms. Gibson served in several executive positions with E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company during a 34-year career with DuPont, and retired from DuPont in November 2017 as the head of central engineering. Most recently, Ms. Gibson served as Director, Engineering at DuPont from January 2016 to October 2017 and as Director, Engineering Technology from January 2014 to December 2015. Ms. Gibson was instrumental in the engineering organizational planning for the merged DowDuPont, Inc. and future planned spin-off companies. Prior to her leadership roles in engineering, she was chief of staff to the Chair of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of DuPont from 2008 to 2013 where she led operating processes for the top three levels of leadership. During her tenure, she supported a CEO succession, major acquisitions and divestitures, reorganization and company restructuring. Ms. Gibson serves on the Heritage Council of the Science History Institute and on the Engineering Advisory Council for Texas A&M University. She received the Management Division Award from the American Institute of Chemical Engineers in 2018 where she is a Fellow. Ms. Gibson served on the Board of Directors of the National Action Council for Minorities in Engineering from 2016 to 2017. She was on two project committees for the National Academy of Engineering. Ms. Gibson is a certified Six Sigma Champion with an International M.B.A. from European University and a B.S. in Chemical Engineering from Texas A&M University.
Ms. Gibson has extensive managerial, operational and engineering experience as a result of her several leadership roles with DuPont. As a result of these and other professional experiences, our Board has concluded that Ms. Gibson is qualified to serve as a director.
Sushil ("Sam") Kapoor, has served as a member of the Board since May 2, 2018. Mr. Kapoor was the Chief Global Operations Officer of Equinix, Inc., a multinational company that specializes in internet connection and related services, since January 2008 until March 2018. As the Chief Operations executive at Equinix, Inc. since early 2001, Mr. Kapoor played a major role in steering the company from near bankruptcy to its current industry leading position. During this period Equinix, Inc. grew from 7 data centers in 6 markets in one country with annual revenue of less than $20 million to more than 180 data centers in 44 metros across 25 major countries spread over 4 continents with annual revenues exceeding $5 Billion. During the same period, the stock price grew from a split adjusted low of around $5 to its current price of more than $400. Mr. Kapoor served as Vice President of Operations of Equinix, Inc., from March 2001 to December 2006 and also served as its Senior Vice President of IBX Operations from December 2006 to January 2008. Prior to joining Equinix, Mr. Kapoor served as Vice President of hosting operations at UUNET Technologies, Inc., the Internet division of MCI (formerly known as WorldCom) from November 1999 to February 2001. He was responsible for the build-out and day-to-day operations of six hosting centers. From May 1995 to November 1999, he served as Vice President, Global Network Technology for Compuserve Network Services, an Internet access provider. Mr. Kapoor served as Senior Director of Telecommunications for over 10 years at Lexis-Nexis in Miamisburg. Mr. Kapoor holds an M.B.A. (Operations Research) from Miami University of Ohio and an M.S. in Electrical Engineering from the University of Cincinnati.
Mr. Kapoor has extensive operational and managerial experience from serving as an executive officer at several major companies. As a result of these and other professional experiences, our Board has concluded that Mr. Kapoor is qualified to serve as a director.
Mark Stevenson has served as a member of our Board since December 2016. Mr. Stevenson was the technical marketing director - Asia for Ecobat Technologies Ltd., a global company that produces and recycles lead, from March 2010 to April 2016. He currently serves as Technical Director for Global Lead Technologies and is a non-executive director for Metallic Waste Solutions, trading as Metsol Pty Ltd, a start-up company. He also serves as chairman and organizer of the two Asian battery and international secondary lead conferences held biennially across Asia.
Mr. Stevenson has extensive knowledge of the metals and other commodity markets from his experience serving as an executive officer, director and consultant to businesses in the lead industry. As a result of these and other professional experiences, our Board has concluded that Mr. Stevenson is qualified to serve as a director.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Board Composition
Our Board may establish the authorized number of directors from time to time by resolution. Our Board currently consists of seven authorized members. During the year ended December 31, 2018, our Board met fifteen times and acted by unanimous written consent nine times. All of our Board members attended at least 75% of the Board meetings held while they were on the Board during fiscal 2018. Our Board does not have a policy regarding Board members' attendance at meetings of our stockholders and five members of our Board attended our prior year's annual meeting of stockholders.
Generally, under the listing requirements and rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market, independent directors must comprise a majority of a listed company's board of directors. Our Board has undertaken a review of its composition, the composition of its committees and the independence of each director. Our Board has determined that, other than Mr. Cotton, by virtue of his executive officer position, none of our director nominees has a relationship that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director and that each is "independent" as that term is defined under the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and the listing requirements and rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market. In making this determination, our Board considered the current and prior relationships that each nonemployee director nominee has with our Company and all other facts and circumstances our Board deemed relevant in determining their independence, including the beneficial ownership of our capital stock by each nonemployee director nominee. Accordingly, a majority of our directors are independent, as required under applicable Nasdaq Stock Market rules, as of the date of this Proxy Statement.
During the 2018 fiscal year, Dr. Stephen Clarke served as Chairman of our Board as well as our President and Chief Executive Officer until April 19, 2018. Mr. Selwyn Mould served as a member of our Board until May 2, 2018 and served as our interim President and Chief Executive Officer from April 19, 2018 to May 2, 2018, as well as Chief Operating Officer until his resignation in December 3, 2018. Dr. Clarke and Mr. Mould were not considered by our Board to be "independent" by virtue of their executive officer positions.
Director Resignation Policy
On September 21, 2018, the Board adopted the Director Resignation Policy, whereby, commencing with respect to the Annual Meeting (and at each subsequent annual meeting of the Company's stockholders at which directors of the Company are to be elected), any director who fails to receive a majority of the votes cast by the Company's stockholders at such meeting "for" his or her election as a Company director immediately shall (after the final tabulation and certification by the Company's inspector of elections of voting results), tender his or her resignation to the Nominating Committee for its consideration and acceptance or rejection.
The Board adopted the Director Resignation Policy to address the situation in which a nominee for the Board is elected to the Board in an uncontested election despite receiving more votes "withheld" from or "against" his or her election than votes "for" his or her election (a "majority withheld vote"). For purposes of the policy, an "uncontested election" is any election of Company directors in respect of which the number of director- nominees for election is less than or equal to the number of directors to be elected.
By accepting a nomination for election and agreeing to serve as a director of the Company in any uncontested election of Company directors, each nominee agrees that if he or she receives a majority withheld vote in any such election, such director promptly shall tender to the Board an offer of his or her resignation as a Company director following certification of the stockholder vote by the inspector(s) of election at the meeting for such uncontested election. Any director who offers his or her resignation pursuant to this policy will not participate in any discussions, deliberations or actions by either the Nominating Committee or the full Board with respect to his or her own resignation offer, but will otherwise continue to serve as a director unless and until such resignation is accepted and effective.
The Nominating Committee will duly consider and recommend to the full Board whether to accept or reject the resignation offer received from each director who received a majority withhold vote. Following the recommendation of the Nominating Committee, the independent members of the Board will make a determination of the action to take with respect to the offer of resignation, not later than the 90th day immediately succeeding the date of the written certification of the shareholder vote by said inspector(s) of election. The Nominating Committee and the Board will evaluate any such tendered offer of resignation, in accordance with their fiduciary duties to, and in furtherance of the best interests of, the Company and its stockholders. The Board may accept or reject the offer of resignation, or it may decide to pursue additional actions, including, without limitation, the following:
[BEGIN TABLE]
● defer the acceptance of the                                           resignation if it is determined that the underlying cause of the majority withheld                                           vote can be cured by the director or otherwise within a specified period of time                                           (for purposes of illustration, if the majority withhold vote was due to the relevant                                           director receiving such vote serving on the board of directors of another entity, by                                           resigning from such other board).  
[END TABLE]
The Board's decision will be disclosed in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission within four business days after the decision. If the Board has decided to reject the tendered resignation, or to pursue any additional action other than accepting the tendered resignation (as described above or otherwise), then the Current Report on Form 8-K will fully disclose the Board's reasons for doing so.
Committees of the Board of Directors
Our Board has established an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee, an Executive Development and Succession Committee and a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Our Board may establish other committees to facilitate the management of our business. The composition and functions of each committee are described below. Members serve on these committees until their resignation or until otherwise determined by our Board. Each of our committees, with the exception of the Executive Development and Succession Committee, operates under a written charter, a copy of which is available at our investor relations website is located at https://ir.aquametals.com.
Audit Committee
Our Audit Committee consists of Vincent DiVito, Shariq Yosufzai, and Sam Kapoor, with Mr. DiVito serving as Chairperson. The composition of our Audit Committee meets the requirements for independence under current Nasdaq Stock Market listing standards and SEC rules and regulations. Each member of our Audit Committee meets the financial literacy requirements of the Nasdaq Stock Market listing standards. Mr. DiVito is an audit committee financial expert within the meaning of Item 407(d) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act. Our Audit Committee will, among other things:
Our Audit Committee operates under a written charter that satisfies the applicable rules of the SEC and the listing standards of the Nasdaq Stock Market. During the year ended December 31, 2018, our Audit Committee met four times.
Compensation Committee
Our Compensation Committee consists of Sam Kapoor, Shariq Yosufzai, Mark Stevenson, Vincent DiVito and Gayle Gibson, with Mr. Kapoor serving as Chairperson. The composition of our Compensation Committee meets the requirements for independence under the Nasdaq Stock Market listing standards and SEC rules and regulations. Each member of the Compensation Committee is also a nonemployee director, as defined pursuant to Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act, as amended, or the Code. The purpose of our Compensation Committee is to discharge the responsibilities of our Board relating to compensation of our executive officers. Our Compensation Committee will, among other things:
Our chief executive officer may, from time to time, provide input and recommendation to our Compensation Committee concerning the compensation of our other executive officers. Our chief executive officer may also, from to time, attend Compensation Committee meetings, but he is not present during the Committee's deliberations regarding executive officer compensation. From time to time, our Compensation Committee may use an independent consultant in considering compensation policies and programs for executive officers, however our Compensation Committee did not engage an independent consultant during fiscal 2018. Our Compensation Committee operates under a written charter that satisfies the applicable rules of the SEC and the listing standards of the Nasdaq Stock Market. During the year ended December 31, 2018, our Compensation Committee met two times and acted by unanimous written consent five times.
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee consists of Vincent DiVito, Sam Kapoor, Mark Stevenson, Gayle Gibson and S. Shariq Yosufzai, with Mr. Stevenson serving as Chairperson. The composition of our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee meets the requirements for independence under Nasdaq Stock Market listing standards and SEC rules and regulations. Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will, among other things:
Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee believes that candidates for director should have certain minimum qualifications, including the ability to read and understand basic financial statements, being over 21 years of age, and having the highest personal integrity and ethics. The committee also considers such factors as diversity, an individual's business experience and skills, independence, judgment, integrity and ability to commit sufficient time and attention to the activities of the Board, as well as the absence of any potential conflicts with our Company's interests. However, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee retains the right to modify these qualifications from time to time. Candidates for director nominees are reviewed in the context of the current composition of the Board, the operating requirements of our company, and the long-term interests of our stockholders. In conducting this assessment, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee typically considers diversity, age, skills, and such other factors as it deems appropriate, given the current needs of the Board and our Company, to maintain a balance of knowledge, experience, and capability.
Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will consider for directorship candidates nominated by third parties, including stockholders. However, at this time, our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee does not have a policy with regard to the consideration of director candidates recommended by stockholders. The Nominating and Corporate Governance committee believes that it is in the best position to identify, review, evaluate, and select qualified candidates for Board membership, based on the comprehensive criteria for Board membership approved by the Board. For a third party to suggest a candidate, one should provide our corporate secretary, Judd Merrill, with the name of the candidate, together with a brief biographical sketch and a document indicating the candidate's willingness to serve if elected.
The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee operates under a written charter that satisfies the applicable listing requirements and rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market. During the year ended December 31, 2018, our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee met once.
Executive Development and Succession Committee
Our Board has established an Executive Development and Succession committee consisting of Gayle Gibson, Mark Stevenson, S. Shariq Yosufzai and Sam Kapoor, with Mr. Yosufzai serving as Chairperson. The Executive Development and Succession Committee is vested with the authority to help develop the Company's executives and to plan for the succession of executives. The Executive Development and Succession Committee does not have a written charter.
Board Leadership Structure and Role in Risk Oversight
On April 19, 2018, Dr. Stephen R. Clarke resigned as our Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer. On May 2, 2018 the Board appointed Stephen Cotton, who previously served as our Chief Commercial Officer from January 2015 to June 2017, to serve as our President. On January 7, 2019, the Board appointed Mr. Cotton to serve as our Chief Executive Officer.
While we have not adopted a formal policy on whether the chairman and chief executive officer positions should be separate or combined, our Board has appointed S. Shariq Yosufzai to serve as Non-Executive Chairman and the lead independent director of the Board in order to effectively separate the roles of chairman and chief executive officer.
Our Board has an active role in overseeing our areas of risk. While the full Board has overall responsibility for risk oversight, the Board has assigned certain areas of risk primarily to designated committees, which report back to the full Board.
Process for Stockholders to Send Communications to our Board of Directors
Because we have always maintained open channels of communication with our stockholders, we do not have a formal policy that provides a process for stockholders to send communications to our Board. However, if a stockholder would like to send a communication to our Board, please address the letter to the attention of our corporate secretary, Judd Merrill, and it will be distributed to each director.
Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation
None of our independent directors, Vincent L. DiVito, Gayle J. Gibson, Sam Kapoor, Mark Stevenson, or S. Shariq Yosufzai, is currently or has been at any time one of our officers or employees. None of our executive officers currently serves, or has served during the last year, as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving as a member of our Board.
Code of Conduct
We have adopted a code of conduct for all employees, including the chief executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer or controller, and/or persons performing similar functions, which is available on our website, under the link entitled "Code of Conduct".
Limitation of Liability of Directors and Indemnification of Directors and Officers
The Delaware General Corporation Law provides that corporations may include a provision in their certificate of incorporation relieving directors of monetary liability for breach of their fiduciary duty as directors, provided that such provision shall not eliminate or limit the liability of a director (i) for any breach of the director's duty of loyalty to the corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii) for unlawful payment of a dividend or unlawful stock purchase or redemption, or (iv) for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that directors are not liable to us or our stockholders for monetary damages for breach of their fiduciary duty as directors to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. In addition to the foregoing, our Amended and Restated Bylaws provide that we may indemnify directors, officers, employees or agents to the fullest extent permitted by law and we have agreed to provide such indemnification to each of our directors.
The above provisions in our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws and in the written indemnity agreements may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against directors and may discourage or deter stockholders or management from bringing a lawsuit against directors for breach of their fiduciary duty, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise have benefited us and our stockholders. However, we believe that the foregoing provisions are necessary to attract and retain qualified persons as directors.
Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to our directors, officers and controlling persons pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, we have been advised that in the opinion of the SEC, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable.
PROPOSAL NO. 2
RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OFINDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
The Audit Committee has appointed Armanino LLP (which we refer to as "Armanino") as our independent registered public accounting firm for the year ending December 31, 2019, and our Board has directed that management submit the appointment of Armanino as our independent registered public accounting firm for ratification by the stockholders at the Annual Meeting. A representative of Armanino is expected to be present at the Annual Meeting and will have an opportunity to make a statement if he or she so desires and will be available to respond to appropriate questions.
Stockholder ratification of the selection of Armanino as our independent registered public accountants is not required by our Amended and Restated Bylaws or otherwise. However, our Board is submitting the appointment of Armanino to the stockholders for ratification as a matter of corporate practice. If the stockholders fail to ratify the appointment, the Audit Committee will reconsider whether or not to retain Armanino. Even if the selection is ratified, the Audit Committee, in its discretion, may direct the appointment of a different independent registered public accountant at any time during the year if the Audit Committee determines that such a change would be in the Company's and our stockholders' best interests.
Board Recommendation
OUR BOARD RECOMMENDS A VOTE "FOR" THE RATIFICATION OF ARMANINO LLPAS OUR INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRMFOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDING DECEMBER 31, 2019
Fees Incurred for Services by Principal Accountant
The following table sets forth the aggregate fees billed to us for services rendered to us for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 by our independent registered public accounting firm, Armanino LLP, for the audit of our consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, and assistance with the reporting requirements thereof, the review of our condensed consolidated financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, the filing of our Form 8-K, and preparation of (Federal and State) Income Tax returns (in thousands).
Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures
The Audit Committee has responsibility for selecting, appointing, evaluating, compensating, retaining and overseeing the work of the independent registered public accounting firm. In recognition of this responsibility, the Audit Committee has established policies and procedures in its charter regarding pre-approval of any audit and non-audit service provided to the Company by the independent registered public accounting firm and the fees and terms thereof.
The Audit Committee considered the compatibility of the provision of other services by its registered public accountant with the maintenance of their independence. The Audit Committee approved all audit and non-audit services provided by Armanino in 2018 and 2017.
Audit Committee Report
The Audit Committee issued the following report for inclusion in this Proxy Statement and our 2019 Annual Report:
Based on the review and discussions referenced to in paragraphs 1 through 3 above, the Audit Committee recommended to our Board that the audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2018 be included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for that year for filing with the SEC.
PROPOSAL NO. 3
AUTHORIZE AND APPROVE OUR 2019 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN
Introduction
Rule 5635(c) of the Nasdaq Listing Rules requires stockholder approval for the establishment or material amendment of any equity compensation arrangement, with limited exceptions. We are seeking the approval of our stockholders in accordance with Rule 5635(c) of the Nasdaq Listing Rules for our 2019 Stock Incentive Plan (the "Plan"). Our Board has approved the Plan and recommends the approval of the Plan by our stockholders.
Our 2014 Stock Incentive Plan was originally adopted by our stockholders on September 24, 2014 and amended on May 1, 2015 and May 22, 2017 (the "Current Plan"). We are authorized to issue incentive awards pursuant to the Current Plan to acquire up to 2,113,637 shares of our common stock. However, as of February 28, 2019, we have only 64,348 shares of common stock under the Current Plan remaining for issuance. As a result, we have limited ability to grant new awards until a new equity incentive plan is approved.
Our Board believes that it is advisable to adopt the Plan in order to attract and compensate employees, officers and directors upon whose judgment, initiative and effort we depend. The issuance of common shares and stock options to eligible participants under the Plan is designed to align the interests of such participants with those of our stockholders.
The Plan provides for the issuance of 4,500,000 shares of common stock, or approximately 10% of the 44,359,691 shares of common stock outstanding on February 28, 2019. The major features of the Plan are summarized below. This summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Plan, a copy of which is attached to this Proxy Statement as APPENDIX A.
Board Recommendation
OUR BOARD RECOMMENDS A VOTE "FOR" THE APPROVAL OF OUR 2019 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN
General
The Plan is intended to advance the interests of the company and our stockholders by enabling us to attract and retain qualified individuals through opportunities for equity participation, and to reward those individuals who contribute to the achievement of our economic objectives. The Plan allows us to award eligible recipients incentive awards, consisting of:
All of our employees and any subsidiary employees (including officers and directors who are also employees), as well as all of our non-employee directors and other consultants, advisors and other persons who provide services to us will be eligible to receive incentive awards under the Plan.
Shares that are issued under the Plan or that are subject to outstanding incentive awards reduce the number of shares remaining available under the Plan. Any shares subject to an incentive award that lapses, expires, is forfeited, terminates unexercised or unvested, or is settled or paid in cash or other consideration will automatically again become available for issuance under the Plan.
If the exercise price of any option or any associated tax withholding obligations are paid by a participant's tender or attestation as to ownership of shares (as described below), or if tax withholding obligations are satisfied by the Company withholding shares otherwise issuable upon exercise of an option, only the net number of shares issued will reduce the number of shares remaining available under the Plan.
In the event of any reorganization, merger, consolidation, recapitalization, liquidation, reclassification, stock dividend, stock split, combination of shares, rights offering, divestiture or extraordinary dividend (including a spin-off) or any other similar change in the corporate structure or shares of the Company, appropriate adjustment will be made to:
Administration
The Plan will be administered by our Compensation Committee. We refer to the Compensation Committee administering the Plan as the "Committee."
The Committee has the authority to determine all necessary or desirable provisions of incentive awards, including, the eligible recipients who will be granted one or more incentive awards under the Plan, the nature and extent of the incentive awards to be made to each participant, the time or times when incentive awards will be granted, the duration of each incentive award, and payment or vesting restrictions and other conditions. The Committee has the authority to amend or modify the terms of outstanding incentive awards (including any "repricing" of options) so long as the amended or modified terms are permitted under the Plan and any affected participant has consented to the amendment or modification.
The Plan became effective on February 12, 2019 and, unless terminated earlier, the Plan will terminate at midnight on February 12, 2029. Incentive awards outstanding at the time the Plan is terminated may continue to be exercised, or become free of restriction, according to their terms. The Board may suspend or terminate the Plan or any portion of the Plan at any time, and may amend the Plan from time to time to conform incentive awards to any change in applicable laws or regulations or in any other respect that the board may deem to be in our best interests. However, no amendments to the Plan will be effective without stockholder approval if it is required under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code or the Listing Rules of the Nasdaq.
Termination, suspension or amendment of the Plan will not adversely affect any outstanding incentive award without the consent of the affected participant, except for adjustments in the event of changes in capitalization or a "change in control," discussed below.
In general, no right or interest in any incentive award may be assigned or transferred by a participant, except by will or the laws of descent and distribution, or subjected to any lien or encumbrance. However, the Committee may permit a participant to transfer of all or a portion of a non-statutory stock option, other than for value, to certain family members or related family trusts, foundations or partnerships. Any permitted transferee of a non-statutory stock option will remain subject to all the terms and conditions of the incentive award applicable to the participant.
Options
The exercise price of an incentive stock option may not be less than 100% of the fair market value of a share of our common stock on the option grant date (or 110% if the participant beneficially owns more than 10% of our outstanding stock). Under the Plan, "fair market value" means the average of the reported high and low sale prices of a share of our common stock during the regular daily trading session on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
In general, the Plan requires a participant to pay an option's exercise price in cash. The Committee may, however, allow exercise payments to be made, in whole or in part, by delivery of a broker exercise notice (pursuant to which a broker or dealer is irrevocably instructed to sell enough shares or loan the optionee enough money to pay the exercise price and to remit such sums to the company), by tender or attestation as to ownership of shares of common stock that have been held for the period of time necessary to avoid a charge to the Company's earnings for financial reporting purposes and that are otherwise acceptable to the Committee, or by a combination of such methods. Any shares of common stock tendered or covered by an attestation will be valued at their fair market value on the exercise date.
The aggregate fair market value of shares of common stock with respect to which incentive stock options may become exercisable by a participant for the first time during any calendar year (and under all "incentive stock option" plans of the company or any subsidiary) may not exceed $100,000. Any incentive stock options in excess of this amount will be treated as non-statutory stock options. Options may be exercised in whole or in installments, as determined by the Committee, and the Committee may impose conditions or restrictions to the exercisability of an option, including that the participant remain continuously employed by the Company or a subsidiary for a certain period. An option may not remain exercisable after 10 years from its date of grant (or five years from its date of grant if the participant beneficially owns more than 10% of our outstanding stock).
Restricted Stock Awards
A restricted stock award is an award of common stock vesting at such times and in such installments as may be determined by the Committee and, until it vests, that is subject to restrictions on transferability and the possibility of forfeiture. Restricted stock awards may be subject to any restrictions or vesting conditions that the Committee deems appropriate, including that the participant remain continuously employed by the Company or a subsidiary for a certain period.
Unless the Committee determines otherwise, any dividends (other than regular quarterly cash dividends) or distributions paid with respect to shares of common stock subject to the unvested portion of a restricted stock award will be subject to the same restrictions as the shares to which such dividends or distributions relate. Holders of restricted stock awards will have the same voting rights as holders of unrestricted common stock.
Restricted Stock Units
A restricted stock unit is an award that represents a promise to issue to the participant shares of common stock once certain criteria specified in the award are satisfied. The criteria may be that the participant remain employed until a specified date or dates or that various performance objectives are satisfied. No stock ownership rights are conferred upon the participant until the restricted stock unit awards are settled upon the satisfaction of the specified criteria.
Performance Awards
The Plan permits the grant of performance-based stock and cash awards. The Committee may structure awards so that the stock or cash will be issued or paid only following the achievement of certain pre-established performance goals during a designated performance period.
The Committee may establish performance goals by selecting from one or more performance criteria set forth in the Plan, including, but not limited to: earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization; total stockholder return; return on equity or average stockholders' equity; return on assets, investment, or capital employed; stock price margin (including gross margin); income (before or after taxes); operating income (before or after taxes); pre-tax profit; operating cash flow; sales or revenue targets; increases in revenue; expenses and cost reduction goals; improvement in or attainment of working capital levels; economic value added; market share; cash flow (including cash flow per share); share price performance; debt reduction; strategic partnerships and transactions; stockholders' equity; capital expenditures; operating profit or net operating profit; growth of net income or operating income; budget management; plant performance, contribution margin and other measures of performance selected by the Committee.
Change in Control of the Company
In the event a "change in control" of the Company occurs, then, if approved by the Committee (either at the time of the grant of the incentive award or at any time thereafter):
The Committee may also determine that some or all participants holding outstanding options will receive shares or a cash payment equal to the excess of the fair market value of the option shares immediately prior to the effective date of the change in control over the exercise price per share of the options (or, in the event that there is no excess, that such options will be terminated).
For purposes of the Plan a "change in control" of the Company generally occurs if:
Effect of Termination of Employment or Other Service
If a participant ceases to be employed by (or provide services to) the Company and all subsidiaries, all of the participant's incentive awards will terminate as set forth below (unless modified by the Committee in its discretion as described below).
Upon termination due to death or disability, all outstanding options then held by the participant will, to the extent exercisable as of such termination, remain exercisable for a period of six (6) months after such termination (but in no event after the expiration date of any such option), and all restricted stock awards then held by the participant that have not vested as of such termination will be terminated and forfeited; and outstanding performance awards then held by the participant that have not vested as of such termination will be terminated and forfeited.
Upon termination for any reason other than death or disability (including retirement), all outstanding options will remain exercisable to the extent exercisable as of such termination for a period of three months thereafter (but in no event after the expiration date of any such option), all unvested restricted stock awards and performance awards will be terminated. However, if a participant's termination is due to "cause" (as defined in the Plan) all rights of the participant under the Plan and any award agreements will immediately terminate without notice of any kind.
In connection with a participant's termination, the Committee may cause the participant's options to become or continue to become exercisable and restricted stock awards and performance awards to vest and/or continue to vest or become free of restrictions.
U.S. Income Tax Consequences
The following description of the federal income tax consequences under the laws of the United States is based on current statutes, regulations and interpretations, all of which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect. The description does not include state or local income tax consequences. In addition, the description is not intended to address specific tax consequences applicable to an individual participant who receives an incentive award.
Incentive Stock Options. There will not be any federal income tax consequences to either the participant or the company as a result of the grant of an incentive option under the Incentive Plan.
A participant's exercise of an incentive option also will not result in any federal income tax consequences to the company or the participant, except that (i) an amount equal to the excess of the fair market value of the shares acquired upon exercise of the incentive option, determined at the time of exercise, over the amount paid for the shares by the participant will be includable in the participant's alternative minimum taxable income for purposes of the alternative minimum tax, and (ii) the participant may be subject to an additional excise tax if any amounts are treated as excess parachute payments (as discussed below). Special rules will apply if previously acquired shares of common stock are permitted to be tendered or attested to in payment of an option exercise price.
If a participant disposes of the shares acquired upon exercise of the incentive option, the federal income tax consequences will depend upon how long the participant held the shares. If the participant held the shares for at least two years after the date of grant and at least one year after the date of exercise (the "holding period requirements"), then the participant will recognize a long-term capital gain or loss. The amount of the long-term capital gain or loss will be equal to the difference between (i) the amount the participant realized on disposition of the shares, and (ii) the option price at which the participant acquired the shares. The company is not entitled to any compensation expense deduction under these circumstances.
If the participant does not satisfy both of the above holding period requirements (a "disqualifying disposition"), then the participant will be required to report as ordinary income, in the year the participant disposes of the shares, the amount by which the lesser of (i) the fair market value of the shares at the time of exercise of the incentive option or (ii) the amount realized on the disposition of the shares, exceeds the option price for the shares. The company will be entitled to a compensation expense deduction in an amount equal to the ordinary income includable in the taxable income of the participant. This compensation income may be subject to withholding. The remainder of the gain recognized on the disposition, if any, or any loss recognized on the disposition, will be treated as long-term or short-term capital gain or loss, depending on the holding period.
Non-Statutory Stock Options. Neither the participant nor the company incurs any federal income tax consequences as a result of the grant of a non-statutory option. Upon exercise of a non-statutory option, a participant will recognize ordinary income, subject to withholding, on the date of exercise in an amount equal to the difference between (i) the fair market value of the shares purchased, determined on the date of exercise, and (ii) the consideration paid for the shares. The participant may be subject to an additional excise tax if any amounts are treated as excess parachute payments (see explanation below). Special rules will apply if previously acquired shares of common stock are permitted to be tendered in payment of an option exercise price.
At the time of a subsequent sale or disposition of any shares of common stock obtained upon exercise of a non-statutory option, any gain or loss will be a capital gain or loss. The capital gain or loss will be long-term or short-term capital gain or loss, depending on the holding period.
In general, the company will be entitled to a compensation expense deduction in connection with the exercise of a non-statutory option for any amounts includable in the taxable income of the participant as ordinary income, provided the company complies with any applicable withholding requirements.
Restricted Stock Awards. With respect to shares issued pursuant to a restricted stock award that are subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture, a participant may file an election under Section 83(b) of the Code within 30 days after the shares are transferred to include as ordinary income in the year of transfer an amount equal to the fair market value of the shares received on the date of transfer (determined as if the shares were not subject to any risk of forfeiture). The company will receive a corresponding tax deduction, provided that proper withholding is made. If a Section 83(b) election is made, the participant will not recognize any additional income when the restrictions on the shares issued in connection with the stock award lapse. At the time any such shares are sold or disposed of, any gain or loss will be treated as long-term or short-term capital gain or loss, depending on the holding period from the date of receipt of the restricted stock award.
A participant who does not make a Section 83(b) election within 30 days of the transfer of a restricted stock award that is subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture will recognize ordinary income at the time of the lapse of the restrictions in an amount equal to the then fair market value of the shares, less any amount paid for the shares. The company will receive a corresponding tax deduction, provided that proper withholding is made. At the time of a subsequent sale or disposition of any shares of common stock issued in connection with a restricted stock award as to which the restrictions have lapsed, any gain or loss will be treated as long- term or short-term capital gain or loss, depending on the holding period from the date the restrictions lapse.
Restricted Stock Units. At the time of settlement of a restricted stock unit award, when shares of common stock are transferred to the participant, the participant will recognize ordinary taxable income equal to the fair market value of the shares on the date of transfer. The company will be entitled to a compensation expense deduction in the year of transfer of the shares in an amount equal to the amount recognized by the participant as taxable income.
Performance Awards. The participant recognizes ordinary taxable income in the year in which a performance award is paid. The amount of taxable income is equal to the amount of cash paid to the participant or the fair market value of any shares of common stock transferred to the participant. The company will be entitled to a compensation expense deduction in the year of transfer of the shares in an amount equal to the amount recognized by the participant as taxable income.
Excise Tax on Parachute Payments. The Code imposes a 20% excise tax on the recipient of "excess parachute payments," as defined in the code, and denies tax deductibility to the company on excess parachute payments. Generally, parachute payments are payments in the nature of compensation to employees of a company who are officers, stockholders, or highly-compensated individuals, which payments are contingent upon a change in ownership or effective control of the company, or in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the company. For example, acceleration of the exercisability of options or the vesting of restricted stock awards upon a change in control of the company may constitute parachute payments, and in certain cases, "excess parachute payments." Excess parachute payments are generally parachute payments equal to or exceeding the recipient's average compensation from the company over the preceding five years.
New Plan Benefits. The grant of awards under the Plan is discretionary and neither the number of shares subject to awards nor the types of awards under the Incentive Plan to any particular eligible recipient(s) or group(s) of eligible recipients is presently determinable.
PROPOSAL NO. 4
AUTHORIZE AND APPROVE AMENDMENT TO THE COMPANY'S AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION TO INCREASE THE NUMBER OF SHARES OF COMMON STOCK TO 100,000,000
Introduction
Our Board has approved a proposal to amend the Company's Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of the Company's common stock from 50,000,000 to 100,000,000. The proposed amendment would replace the Fourth Article of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation with the following language:
"The Corporation is authorized to issue one class of stock. The authorized capital stock of the Corporation shall consist of one hundred million (100,000,000) shares which shall be designated as Common Stock, each with a par value of $0.001."
Our Board believes it is in the best interest of the Company to increase the number of authorized shares of common stock in order to give the Company greater flexibility in considering and planning for future corporate needs, including, but not limited to, stock dividends, grants under equity compensation plans, stock splits, financings, potential strategic transactions, including mergers, acquisitions, and business combinations, as well as other general corporate transactions. Our Board believes that additional authorized shares of common stock will enable the Company to take timely advantage of market conditions and favorable financing and acquisition opportunities that become available to the Company without the delay and expense associated with convening a special meeting of the Company's stockholders.
The Company has no current plan, commitment, arrangement, understanding or agreement regarding the issuance of the additional shares of common stock that will result from the Company's adoption of the proposed amendment. Except as otherwise required by law or by a regulation of the NASDAQ Capital Market, the newly authorized shares of common stock will be available for issuance at the discretion of the Board (without further action by the stockholders) for various future corporate needs, including those outlined above. While adoption of the proposed amendment would not have any immediate dilutive effect on the proportionate voting power or other rights of the Company's existing stockholders, any future issuance of additional authorized shares of the Company's common stock may, among other things, dilute the earnings per share of the common stock and the equity and voting rights of those holding common stock at the time the additional shares are issued.
In addition to the corporate purposes mentioned above, an increase in the number of authorized shares of the Company's common stock may make it more difficult to, or discourage an attempt to, obtain control of the Company by means of a takeover bid that our Board determines is not in the best interest of the Company and its stockholders. However, our Board does not intend or view the proposed increase in the number of authorized shares of the Company's common stock as an anti-takeover measure and is not aware of any attempt or plan to obtain control of the Company.
Any newly authorized shares of the Company's common stock will be identical to the shares of common stock now authorized and outstanding. The proposed amendment will not affect the rights of current holders of the Company's common stock.
Board Recommendation
OUR BOARD RECOMMENDS A VOTE "FOR" THE 
AUTHORIZATION AND APPROVAL OF AN AMENDMENT TO THE COMPANY'S AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION TO INCREASE THE NUMBER OF SHARES OF COMMON STOCK TO 100,000,000.
SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
The following table sets forth certain information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of February 22, 2019 by:
The beneficial ownership of each person was calculated based on 44,359,691 common shares issued and outstanding as of February 22, 2019. The SEC has defined "beneficial ownership" to mean more than ownership in the usual sense. For example, a person has beneficial ownership of a share not only if he owns it, but also if he has the power (solely or shared) to vote, sell or otherwise dispose of the share. Beneficial ownership also includes the number of shares that a person has the right to acquire within 60 days, pursuant to the exercise of options or warrants or the conversion of notes, debentures or other indebtedness. Two or more persons might count as beneficial owners of the same share. Unless otherwise indicated, the address for each reporting person is 2500 Peru Dr., McCarran, Nevada 89437.
[BEGIN TABLE]
Name      of Director, Executive Officer or Director Nominees   Number                                           of Shares     Percentage Owned   
Name      of Director, Executive Officer or Director Nominees   Number                                           of Shares     Percentage Owned   
[END TABLE]
* Less than 1%.
[BEGIN TABLE]
Name      and Address of 5% + Holders   Number                                           of Shares     Percentage Owned   
Name      and Address of 5% + Holders   Number                                           of Shares     Percentage Owned   
[END TABLE]
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND COMPENSATION
Executive Officers
The following sets forth information regarding the current executive officers of the Company. Biographical information pertaining to Stephen Cotton, who is both a director and an executive officer of the Company, may be found in the section above entitled "Proposal No. 1, Election of Directors-Information About Director Nominees."
Judd Merrill has served as our Chief Financial Officer since November 8, 2018. From April 2017 to August 2018, Mr. Merrill served as Director of Finance/Accounting of Klondex Mines Ltd., (NYSE:KLDX), an international mining company acquired by Hecla Mining Company (NYSE:HL) in July 2018. From December 2011 to April 2017, Mr. Merrill served as Chief Financial Officer of Comstock Mining, Inc. (NYSE-MKT: LODE), a Nevada-based mining company. From April 2008 to December 2011, Mr. Merrill served as Controller and Treasurer for Fronteer Gold, Inc. (TSE:FRG), a gold exploration company acquired by Newmont Mining Corp (NYSE:NEM). Mr. Merrill began his career at Deloitte & Touche LLP and spent six years working in broader financial accounting, reporting and internal controls. Mr. Merrill holds a Bachelor of Science in accounting from Central Washington University and he received an M.B.A. from the University of Nevada, Reno and is a licensed CPA.
Summary Compensation Table
The following table sets forth the compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to those persons who served as our chief executive officer during 2018 and our two other highest paid executive officers for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 (in thousands). In reviewing the table, please note that:
Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table
In May 2018, we entered into an executive employment agreement with Mr. Cotton which provides for an annual salary of $410,000, eligibility for a performance-based bonus, reasonable and customary health insurance and other benefits, at our expense, and a severance payment in the amount of his annual salary and related benefits in the event of our termination of his employment without cause or his resignation for good reason. The employment agreement provides for intellectual property assignment and confidentiality provisions that are customary in our industry. Concurrent with the execution of his employment agreement, Mr. Cotton was granted options to purchase up to 840,000 shares of the Company's common stock. Options to purchase 420,000 common shares are exercisable over a five-year period at an exercise price of $3.00 per share. Options to purchase 210,000 common shares are exercisable over a five-year period at an exercise price of $5.00 per share and options to purchase 210,000 common shares are exercisable over a five-year period at an exercise price of $7.00 per share. The options vest in 1/36th increments during each of the first 12 months following the date of grant and thereafter the options vest in one-third increments on the second and third anniversary of the date of grant. The options are issued subject to the terms and conditions of the Company's Amended and Restated 2014 Stock Incentive Plan. 
Effective as of February 25, 2019, we amended the Employment Agreement of our Chief Executive Officer, Stephen Cotton, to increase Mr. Cotton's salary to $450,000 per year, effective as of January 7, 2019. We also agreed to provide Mr. Cotton with a change-in-control payment equal to twice his then annual salary and target annual bonus amount in the event of his termination without cause or his resignation for good reason following a change-in-control of Aqua Metals. At the same time, we granted Mr. Cotton a non-incentive stock option to purchase up to 1,260,000 shares of our common stock, with 420,000 options vesting on the one-year anniversary of the grant and exercisable at $3.08 per share, 420,000 options vesting on the two-year anniversary of the date of grant and exercisable at $3.68 per share and 420,000 options vesting on the three-year anniversary of the date of grant and exercisable at $4.18 per share.
In November 2018, we entered into an executive employment agreement with Mr. Merrill which provides for an annual salary of $275,000, eligibility for a performance-based bonus with a guaranteed bonus of $50,000 for the 2018 calendar year, reasonable and customary health insurance and other benefits, at our expense, and a severance payment in the amount of six months of his annual salary and related benefits in the event of our termination of his employment without cause or his resignation for good reason. The employment agreement provides for intellectual property assignment and confidentiality provisions that are customary in our industry. Concurrent with the execution of his employment agreement, Mr. Merrill was granted options to purchase up to 100,000 shares of the Company's common stock at an exercise price of $2.25 per share, with the options vesting over a three-year period from the date of grant. The options are issued subject to the terms and conditions of the Company's Amended and Restated 2014 Stock Incentive Plan.
Effective as of February 25, 2019, we also agreed to amend the Employment Agreement of our Chief Financial Officer, Judd Merrill, to provide Mr. Merrill with a change-in-control payment equal to 150% of his then annual salary and target annual bonus amount in the event of his termination without cause or his resignation for good reason following a change-in-control of Aqua Metals.
We had previously entered into executive employment agreements with each of our former executive officers. Pursuant to the employment agreements, we compensated our former executive officers at the annual rate of $410,000 for Dr. Clarke, $400,000 for Mr. Mould and $300,000 for Mr. Knuettel. We also agreed to reimburse Mr. Knuettel up to $4,000 per month for his travel and housing costs for the first 12 months of his employment and we granted Mr. Knuettel 150,000 restricted stock units, or RSUs, all of which were forfeited when he resigned in August 2018. The employment agreements entitled each officer to reasonable and customary health insurance and other benefits, at our expense. Each employment agreement provides for intellectual property assignment and confidentiality provisions that are customary in our industry.
Dr. Clarke and Mr. Mould resigned from their employment with us in April and December 2018, respectively. Their resignations were treated as a termination by us without cause. Pursuant to their employment agreements, Dr. Clarke and Mr. Mould are entitled to severance in the amount of two-times their then annual salary and related benefits in consideration of their execution of a customary release and separation agreement. Dr. Clarke is receiving his severance payments in cash, however, pursuant to a Separation Agreement and Release between us and Mr. Mould, Mr. Mould has agreed to receive, in lieu of two years of salary, a cash severance payment of $100,000 payable in six equal installments in accordance with the our regular payroll practices, plus an award of restricted stock units that will entitle him to receive, for each of the 21 consecutive months commencing on March 1, 2019, $33,333 of our common shares based on volume-weighted average price over the 20 trading days preceding the first business day of the respective month. We have reserved the right, at our option, to pay Mr. Mould $33,333 of cash in lieu of any of the 21 monthly share issuances.
Potential Payments upon Termination
As noted above, the employment agreements for Messrs. Cotton and Merrill entitle each officer to a severance payment and related benefits in the event of our termination of their employment without cause or their resignation for good reason. In such an event. Mr. Cotton will receive a severance payment in the amount of his annual salary and Mr. Merrill will receive a severance payment in the amount of 50% of his annual salary.
If a qualifying involuntary termination had occurred on December 31, 2018, Messrs. Cotton and Merrill would have been eligible to receive the following amounts:
Outstanding Equity Awards at December 31,  
Compensation of Directors
We do not compensate any of our executive directors for their service as a director and we have not adopted any policies or plans with regard to the compensation of our independent directors. However, in February 2019, our Board adopted the following director compensation policy:
[BEGIN TABLE]
● The                                           Chairman will receive an annual fee of $180,000; each director other than the                                           Chairman will receive an annual fee of $120,000; each Committee person other than                                           the Committee Chair will receive an annual fee of $7,700 per Committee position;                                           and each Committee Chair will receive an annual fee of $10,000 per Chair, except                                           for the Chair of the Audit Committee who shall be paid $15,000 annually.  
● An                                           annual grant of 75,000 stock options to the Chairman, 60,000 stock options to the Audit                                           Committee Chairman and 50,000 stock options to all other independent directors.  
[END TABLE]
The following table sets forth the compensation we paid to our independent directors during the year ended December 31, 2018.
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
Related Party Transactions, Promoters and Director Independence
Since January 1, 2017, we have not entered into any transactions where the amount exceeded $120,000 with any of our directors, officers, beneficial owners of five percent or more of our common shares, any immediate family members of the foregoing or entities of which any of the foregoing are also officers or directors or in which they have a material financial interest, other than:
We have adopted a policy that any transactions with directors, officers, beneficial owners of five percent or more of our common shares, any immediate family members of the foregoing or entities of which any of the foregoing are also officers or directors or in which they have a financial interest, will only be on terms consistent with industry standards and approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of our board.
OTHER MATTERS
Section 16(A) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance
Rules adopted by the SEC under Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act, require our officers and directors, and persons who own more than 10% of the issued and outstanding shares of our equity securities, to file reports of their ownership, and changes in ownership, of such securities with the SEC on Forms 3, 4 or 5, as appropriate. Such persons are required by the regulations of the SEC to furnish us with copies of all forms they file pursuant to Section 16(a).
Based solely upon a review of Forms 3, 4 and 5 and amendments thereto furnished to us during our most recent fiscal year, and any written representations provided to us, we believe that all of the officers, directors, and owners of more than 10% of the outstanding shares of our common stock complied with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act for the year ended December 31, 2018.
Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominations for 2020 Annual Meeting
To be considered for inclusion in next year's proxy materials, your proposal must be submitted in writing by November 7, 2019 to our Corporate Secretary at 2500 Peru Dr., McCarran, Nevada 89434, and must comply with all applicable requirements of Rule 14a-8 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"); provided, however, that if our 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders is held before February 26, 2020 or after April 26, 2020, then the deadline is a reasonable amount of time prior to the date we begin to print and mail our proxy statement for the 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.
Pursuant to our Second Amended and Restated Bylaws, if you wish to bring a proposal before the stockholders or nominate a director at the 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, but you are not requesting that your proposal or nomination be included in next year's proxy materials, you must notify our Corporate Secretary, in writing, not later than the close of business on December 28, 2019 nor earlier than the close of business on November 28, 2019. However, if our 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders is not held between February 26, 2020 and April 26, 2020, to be timely, notice by the stockholder must be received no earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to the 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and not later than the close of business on the later of the 90th day prior to the 2019 Annual Meeting of Stockholders or the 10th day following the day on which public announcement of the date of the 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders is first made. You are also advised to review our Second Amended and Restated Bylaws, which contain additional requirements about advance notice of stockholder proposals and director nominations.
The chair of the 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders may determine, if the facts warrant, that a matter has not been properly brought before the meeting and, therefore, may not be considered at the meeting. In addition, the proxy solicited by the Board for the 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders will confer discretionary voting authority with respect to (i) any proposal presented by a stockholder at that meeting for which we have not been provided with timely notice and (ii) any proposal made in accordance with our Second Amended and Restated Bylaws, if the 2020 proxy statement briefly describes the matter and how management's proxy holders intend to vote on it, and if the stockholder does not comply with the requirements of Rule 14a-4(c)(2) promulgated under the Exchange Act.
Householding of Proxy Materials
The SEC has adopted rules that permit companies and intermediaries (such as banks and brokers) to satisfy the delivery requirements for proxy statements and annual reports with respect to two or more stockholders sharing the same address by delivering a single proxy statement addressed to those stockholders. This process, which is commonly referred to as "householding," potentially means extra convenience for stockholders and cost savings for companies.
This year, a number of banks and brokers with account holders who are our stockholders will be householding our proxy materials. A single proxy statement will be delivered to multiple stockholders sharing an address unless contrary instructions have been received from the affected stockholders. Once you have received notice from your bank or broker that it will be householding communications to your address, householding will continue until you are notified otherwise or until you revoke your consent. If, at any time, you no longer wish to participate in householding and would prefer to receive a separate proxy statement and annual report, please notify your bank or broker, direct your written request to Aqua Metals, Inc., 2500 Peru Drive, McCarran, Nevada 89437, Attention: Investor Relations, or contact Investor Relations by telephone at (775) 525-1936. Stockholders who currently receive multiple copies of the proxy statement at their address and would like to request householding of their communications should contact their bank or broker.
Other Matters
We will also consider any other business that properly comes before the annual meeting, or any adjournment or postponement thereof. As of the record date, we are not aware of any other matters to be submitted for consideration at the annual meeting. If any other matters are properly brought before the annual meeting, the persons named on the enclosed proxy card will vote the shares they represent using their best judgment.
Incorporation by Reference
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in any of our previous filings under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, which might incorporate future filings made by us under those statutes, the preceding Audit Committee Report will not be incorporated by reference into any of those prior filings, nor will any such report be incorporated by reference into any future filings made by us under those statutes. In addition, information on our website, other than our proxy statement, notice and form of proxy, is not part of the proxy soliciting materials and is not incorporated herein by reference.
A copy of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018 is available without charge upon written request to: Corporate Secretary, Aqua Metals, Inc., 2500 Peru Drive, McCarran, Nevada, 89437.
APPENDIX A
AQUA METALS, INC.
2019 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN
1. Purpose of Plan.
The purpose of this Aqua Metals, Inc. 2019 Stock Incentive Plan (the "Plan") is to advance the interests of Aqua Metals, Inc. ("Company") and its stockholders by enabling the Company and its Subsidiaries to attract and retain qualified individuals through opportunities for equity participation in the Company, and to reward those individuals who contribute to the Company's achievement of its economic objectives.
2. Definitions.
The following terms will have the meanings set forth below, unless the context clearly otherwise requires:
2.1. "Board" means the Company's Board of Directors.
2.2. "Broker Exercise Notice" means a written notice pursuant to which a Participant, upon exercise of an Option, irrevocably instructs a broker or dealer to sell a sufficient number of shares or loan a sufficient amount of money to pay all or a portion of the exercise price of the Option and/or any related withholding tax obligations and remit such sums to the Company and directs the Company to deliver stock certificates to be issued upon such exercise directly to such broker or dealer or their nominee.
2.3. "Cause" means (i) dishonesty, fraud, misrepresentation, embezzlement or deliberate injury or attempted injury, in each case related to the Company or any Subsidiary, (ii) any unlawful or criminal activity of a serious nature, (iii) any intentional and deliberate breach of a duty or duties that, individually or in the aggregate, are material in relation to the Participant's overall duties, (iv) any material breach of any confidentiality or noncompete agreement entered into with the Company or any Subsidiary, or (v) with respect to a particular Participant, any other act or omission that constitutes "cause" as may be defined in any employment, consulting or similar agreement between such Participant and the Company or any Subsidiary.
2.4. "Change in Control" means an event described in Section 11.1 of the Plan.
2.5. "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
2.6. "Committee" means the Compensation Committee of the Board or its delegates who are administering the Plan, as provided in Section 3 of the Plan.
2.7. "Common Stock" means the common stock of the Company, $0.001 par value per share, or the number and kind of shares of stock or other securities into which such Common Stock may be changed in accordance with Section 4.3 of the Plan.
2.8. "Disability" means any medically determinable physical or mental impairment resulting in the service provider's inability to perform the duties of his or her position or any substantially similar position, where such impairment can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months.
2.9. "Effective Date" means February 12, 2019, but no Incentive Stock Option shall be exercised unless and until the Plan has been approved by the stockholders of the Company, which approval shall be within twelve (12) months before or after the date the Plan is adopted by the Board.
2.10. "Eligible Recipients" means all employees, officers and directors of the Company or any Subsidiary, and any person who has a relationship with the Company or any Subsidiary.
2.11. "Exchange Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
2.12. "Fair Market Value" means, with respect to the Common Stock, as of any date: (i) the mean between the reported high and low sale prices of the Common Stock at the end of the regular trading session if the Common Stock is listed, admitted to unlisted trading privileges, or reported on any national securities exchange or on the NASDAQ Stock Market on such date (or, if no shares were traded on such day, as of the next preceding day on which there was such a trade); or (ii) if the Common Stock is not so listed, admitted to unlisted trading privileges, or reported on any national exchange or on the NASDAQ Stock Market, the closing bid price as of such date at the end of the regular trading session, as reported by the OTC Bulletin Board, The OTC Market or other comparable service; or (iii) if the Common Stock is not so listed or reported, such price as the Committee determines in good faith in the exercise of its reasonable discretion.
2.13. "Incentive Award" means an Option, Restricted Stock Award, Restricted Stock Unit or Performance Award granted to an Eligible Recipient pursuant to the Plan.
2.14. "Incentive Stock Option" means a right to purchase Common Stock granted to an Eligible Recipient pursuant to Section 6 of the Plan that qualifies as an "incentive stock option" within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code.
2.15. "Non-Statutory Stock Option" means a right to purchase Common Stock granted to an Eligible Recipient pursuant to Section 6 of the Plan that does not qualify as an Incentive Stock Option.
2.16. "Option" means an Incentive Stock Option or a Non-Statutory Stock Option.
2.17. "Participant" means an Eligible Recipient who receives one or more Incentive Awards under the Plan.
2.18. "Performance Awards" means an award of Common Stock or cash granted to an Eligible Recipient pursuant to Section 8 of the Plan and with respect to which shares of Common Stock or cash will be transferred to the Eligible Recipient in accordance with the provisions of such Section 8 and any agreement evidencing a Performance Award.
2.19. "Performance Criteria" means the performance criteria that may be used by the Committee in granting Restricted Stock Awards or Performance Awards contingent upon achievement of such performance goals as the Committee may determine in its sole discretion. The Committee may select one criterion or multiple criteria for measuring performance, and the measurement may be based upon Company, Subsidiary or business unit performance, or the individual performance of the Eligible Recipient, either absolute or by relative comparison to other companies, other Eligible Recipients or any other external measure of the selected criteria. The Performance Criteria for Incentive Awards will be based on one or more of the following criteria: earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization; total stockholder return; return on equity or average stockholders' equity; return on assets, investment, or capital employed; stock price; margin (including gross margin); income (before or after taxes); operating income (before or after taxes); pre-tax profit; operating cash flow; sales or revenue targets; increases in revenue; expenses and cost reduction goals; improvement in or attainment of working capital levels; economic value added; market share; cash flow (including cash flow per share); share price performance; debt reduction; strategic partnerships and transactions; stockholders' equity; capital expenditures; operating profit or net operating profit; growth of net income or operating income; and budget management; or any of the foregoing criteria adjusted by the Committee (i) to exclude one or more specified components of the calculation thereof or (ii) to include one or more other specified items, including, but not limited to, exclusions under subsection (i) or inclusions under subsection (ii) designed to reflect changes during the Performance Period in generally accepted accounting principles or in tax rates, currency fluctuations, the effects of acquisitions or dispositions of a business or investments in whole or in part, extraordinary or nonrecurring items, the gain or loss from claims or litigation and related insurance recoveries, the effects of impairment of tangible or intangible assets, or the effects of restructuring or reductions in force or other business recharacterization activities, income or expense related to defined benefit or defined contribution pension plans, uninsured losses from natural catastrophes or political and legal developments affecting the Company's business (including losses as a result of war, terrorism, confiscation, expropriation, seizure, new regulatory requirements, business interruption or similar events).
2.20. "Performance Period" means, in respect of a Performance Award, a period of time established by the Committee within which the Performance Criteria relating to such Performance Award are to be achieved.
2.21 "Previously Acquired Shares" means shares of Common Stock that are already owned by the Participant or, with respect to any Incentive Award, that are to be issued upon the grant, exercise or vesting of such Incentive Award.
2.22. "Restricted Stock Award" means an award of Common Stock granted to an Eligible Recipient pursuant to Section 7 of the Plan that is subject to the restrictions on transferability and the risk of forfeiture imposed by the provisions of such Section 7.
2.23. "Restricted Stock Unit" means an award granted to an Eligible Recipient pursuant to Section 7 of the Plan that represents a contractual obligation on the part of the Company to transfer shares of Common Stock to the Eligible Participant upon the satisfaction of specified Performance Criteria and/or the completion of a specified period of employment with the Company and its Subsidiaries.
2.24 "Retirement" means normal or approved early termination of employment or service.
2.25. "Securities Act" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
2.26. "Subsidiary" means any entity that is directly or indirectly controlled by the Company or any entity in which the Company has a significant equity interest, as determined by the Committee.
3. Plan Administration.
3.1. The Committee. The Plan will be administered by the Committee. So long as the Company has a class of its equity securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act, the Committee administering the Plan will consist of the Compensation Committee of the Board or its delegate, which will consist solely of two or more members of the Board who are "non-employee directors" within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act and who are considered "outside directors". Such a committee, if established, will act by majority approval of the members (unanimous approval with respect to action by written consent), and a majority of the members of such a committee will constitute a quorum. To the extent consistent with applicable corporate law of the Company's jurisdiction of incorporation, the Committee may delegate to any officers of the Company the duties, power and authority of the Committee under the Plan pursuant to such conditions or limitations as the Committee may establish; provided, however, that only the Committee may exercise such duties, power and authority with respect to Eligible Recipients who are subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act. The Committee may exercise its duties, power and authority under the Plan in its sole and absolute discretion without the consent of any Participant or other party, unless the Plan specifically provides otherwise. Each determination, interpretation or other action made or taken by the Committee pursuant to the provisions of the Plan will be conclusive and binding for all purposes and on all persons, and no member of the Committee will be liable for any action or determination made in good faith with respect to the Plan or any Incentive Award granted under the Plan.
3.2. Authority of the Committee.
(a) In accordance with and subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Committee will have the authority to determine all provisions of Incentive Awards as the Committee may deem necessary or desirable and as consistent with the terms of the Plan, including, without limitation, the following: (i) the Eligible Recipients to be selected as Participants; (ii) the nature and extent of the Incentive Awards to be made to each Participant (including the number of shares of Common Stock to be subject to each Incentive Award, any exercise price, the manner in which Incentive Awards will vest or become exercisable and whether Incentive Awards will be granted in tandem with other Incentive Awards) and the form of written agreement, if any, evidencing such Incentive Award; (iii) any Performance Criteria applicable to any Incentive Awards; (iv) the time or times when Incentive Awards will be granted and, where applicable, settled; (v) the duration of each Incentive Award; (vi) the restrictions and other conditions to which the payment or vesting of Incentive Awards may be subject. In addition, the Committee will have the authority under the Plan in its sole discretion to pay the economic value of any Incentive Award in the form of cash, Common Stock or any combination of both.
(b) The Committee will have the authority under the Plan to amend or modify the terms of any outstanding Incentive Award in any manner, including, without limitation, the authority to modify the number of shares or other terms and conditions of an Incentive Award, extend the term of an Incentive Award, accelerate the exercisability or vesting or otherwise terminate any restrictions relating to an Incentive Award other than an Incentive Award intended to qualify as "performance-based" compensation, accept the surrender of any outstanding Incentive Award, effect any repricing of previously granted "underwater" options or, to the extent not previously exercised or vested, authorize the grant of new Incentive Awards in substitution for surrendered Incentive Awards; provided, however that the amended or modified terms are permitted by the Plan as then in effect and that any Participant adversely affected by such amended or modified terms has consented to such amendment or modification. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Performance Award (or any other Incentive Award) that is subject to the requirements and restrictions of Section 409A of the Code may be amended in a manner that would violate Section 409A of the Code.
(c) In the event of (i) any reorganization, merger, consolidation, recapitalization, liquidation, reclassification, stock dividend, stock split, combination of shares, rights offering, extraordinary dividend or divestiture (including a spin-off) or any other change in corporate structure or shares; (ii) any purchase, acquisition, sale, disposition or write-down of a significant amount of assets or a significant business; (iii) any change in accounting principles or practices, tax laws or other such laws or provisions affecting reported results; or (iv) any other similar change, in each case with respect to the Company or any other entity whose performance is relevant to the grant or vesting of an Incentive Award, the Committee (or, if the Company is not the surviving corporation in any such transaction, the board of directors of the surviving corporation) may, without the consent of any affected Participant, amend or modify the vesting criteria (including Performance Criteria) of any outstanding Incentive Award that is based in whole or in part on the financial performance of the Company (or any Subsidiary or division or other subunit thereof) or such other entity so as equitably to reflect such event, with the desired result that the criteria for evaluating such financial performance of the Company or such other entity will be substantially the same (in the sole discretion of the Committee or the board of directors of the surviving corporation) following such event as prior to such event; provided, however, that the amended or modified terms are permitted by the Plan as then in effect.
4. Shares Available for Issuance.
4.1. Maximum Number of Shares Available; Certain Restrictions on Awards. Subject to adjustment as provided in Section 4.3 of the Plan, the maximum number of shares of Common Stock that will be available for issuance under the Plan will be 4,500,000, and the maximum number of shares of Common Stock that will be available for issuance in connection with Incentive Stock Options is 4,500,000. The shares available for issuance under the Plan may, at the election of the Committee, be either treasury shares or shares authorized but unissued, and, if treasury shares are used, all references in the Plan to the issuance of shares will, for corporate law purposes, be deemed to mean the transfer of shares from treasury.
4.2. Accounting for Incentive Awards. Shares of Common Stock that are issued under the Plan or that are subject to outstanding Incentive Awards will be applied to reduce the maximum number of shares of Common Stock remaining available for issuance under the Plan; provided, however, that shares subject to an Incentive Award that lapses, expires, is forfeited (including issued shares forfeited under a Restricted Stock Award) or for any reason is terminated unexercised or unvested or is settled or paid in cash or any form other than shares of Common Stock will automatically again become available for issuance under the Plan. To the extent that the exercise price of any Option and/or associated tax withholding obligations are paid by tender or attestation as to ownership of Previously Acquired Shares, or to the extent that such tax withholding obligations are satisfied by withholding of shares otherwise issuable upon exercise of the Option, only the number of shares of Common Stock issued net of the number of shares tendered, attested to or withheld will be applied to reduce the maximum number of shares of Common Stock remaining available for issuance under the Plan.
4.3. Adjustments to Shares and Incentive Awards. In the event of any reorganization, merger, consolidation, recapitalization, liquidation, reclassification, stock dividend, stock split, combination of shares or any other change in the corporate structure or shares of the Company, the Committee (or, if the Company is not the surviving corporation in any such transaction, the board of directors of the surviving corporation) will make appropriate adjustment (which determination will be conclusive) as to the number and kind of securities or other property (including cash) available for issuance or payment under the Plan and, in order to prevent dilution or enlargement of the rights of Participants, the number and kind of securities or other property (including cash) subject to outstanding Incentive Awards and the exercise price of outstanding Options.
5. Participation.
Participants in the Plan will be those Eligible Recipients who, in the judgment of the Committee, have contributed, are contributing or are expected to contribute to the achievement of economic objectives of the Company or its Subsidiaries. Eligible Recipients may be granted from time to time one or more Incentive Awards, singly or in combination or in tandem with other Incentive Awards, as may be determined by the Committee in its sole discretion. Incentive Awards will be deemed to be granted as of the date specified in the grant resolution of the Committee, which date will be the date of any related agreement with the Participant.
6. Options.
6.1. Grant. An Eligible Recipient may be granted one or more Options under the Plan, and such Options will be subject to such terms and conditions, consistent with the other provisions of the Plan, as may be determined by the Committee in its sole discretion. The Committee may designate whether an Option is to be considered an Incentive Stock Option or a Non-Statutory Stock Option. To the extent that any Incentive Stock Option granted under the Plan ceases for any reason to qualify as an "incentive stock option" for purposes of Section 422 of the Code, such Incentive Stock Option will continue to be outstanding for purposes of the Plan but will thereafter be deemed to be a Non-Statutory Stock Option.
6.2. Exercise Price. The per share price to be paid by a Participant upon exercise of an Option will be determined by the Committee in its discretion at the time of the Option grant; provided, however, that such price will not be less than 100% of the Fair Market Value of one share of Common Stock on the date of grant with respect to any Incentive Stock Option (110% of the Fair Market Value with respect to an Incentive Stock Option if, at the time such Incentive Stock Option is granted, the Participant owns, directly or indirectly, more than 10% of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any parent or subsidiary corporation of the Company).
6.3. Exercisability and Duration. An Option will become exercisable at such times and in such installments and upon such terms and conditions as may be determined by the Committee in its sole discretion at the time of grant (including without limitation (i) the achievement of one or more of the Performance Criteria and/or (ii) that the Participant remain in the continuous employ or service of the Company or a Subsidiary for a certain period); provided, however, that if the Committee does not specify the expiration date of the Option, the expiration date shall be 10 years from the date on which the Option was granted. In no case may an Option may be exercisable after 10 years from its date of grant (five years from its date of grant in the case of an Incentive Stock Option if, at the time the Incentive Stock Option is granted, the Participant owns, directly or indirectly, more than 10% of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any parent or subsidiary corporation of the Company).
6.4. Payment of Exercise Price. The total purchase price of the shares to be purchased upon exercise of an Option will be paid entirely in cash (including check, bank draft or money order); provided, however, that the Committee, in its sole discretion and upon terms and conditions established by the Committee, may allow such payments to be made, in whole or in part, by tender of a Broker Exercise Notice, by tender, or attestation as to ownership, of Previously Acquired Shares that have been held for the period of time necessary to avoid a charge to the Company's earnings for financial reporting purposes and that are otherwise acceptable to the Committee, or by a combination of such methods. For purposes of such payment, Previously Acquired Shares tendered or covered by an attestation will be valued at their Fair Market Value on the exercise date.
6.5. Manner of Exercise. An Option may be exercised by a Participant in whole or in part from time to time, subject to the conditions contained in the Plan and in the agreement evidencing such Option, by delivery in person, by facsimile or electronic transmission or through the mail of written notice of exercise to the Company pursuant to the instructions set forth in the Incentive Award or, if none, to the Company's legal department and by paying in full the total exercise price for the shares of Common Stock to be purchased in accordance with Section 6.4 of the Plan.
7. Restricted Stock Awards and Restricted Stock Units.
7.1. Grant. An Eligible Recipient may be granted one or more Restricted Stock Awards or Restricted Stock Units under the Plan, and such Restricted Stock Awards and Restricted Stock Units will be subject to such terms and conditions, consistent with the other provisions of the Plan, as may be determined by the Committee in its sole discretion. The Committee may impose such restrictions or conditions, not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan, to the vesting of such Restricted Stock Awards and Restricted Stock Units as it deems appropriate, including, without limitation, (i) the achievement of one or more of the Performance Criteria and/or (ii) that the Participant remain in the continuous employ or service of the Company or a Subsidiary for a certain period.
7.2. Rights as a Stockholder; Transferability. Except as provided in Sections 7.1, 7.3, 7.4 and 12.3 of the Plan, a Participant will have all voting, dividend, liquidation and other rights with respect to shares of Common Stock issued to the Participant as a Restricted Stock Award or pursuant to a Restricted Stock Unit under this Section 7 upon the Participant becoming the holder of record of such shares as if such Participant were a holder of record of shares of unrestricted Common Stock.
7.3. Dividends and Distributions. Unless the Committee determines otherwise in its sole discretion (either in the agreement evidencing the Restricted Stock Award at the time of grant or at any time after the grant of the Restricted Stock Award), any dividends or distributions (other than regular quarterly cash dividends) paid with respect to shares of Common Stock subject to the unvested portion of a Restricted Stock Award will be subject to the same restrictions as the shares to which such dividends or distributions relate. The Committee will determine in its sole discretion whether any interest will be paid on such dividends or distributions. A Participant to whom Restricted Stock Units have been granted will have no rights to receive any dividends or distributions with respect to the shares of Common Stock underlying the Restricted Stock Units unless and until the Restricted Stock Units are settled and the Participant becomes the holder of record of any shares of Common Stock delivered in settlement of such Restricted Stock Units.
7.4. Enforcement of Restrictions. To enforce the restrictions referred to in this Section 7, the Committee may place a legend on the stock certificates referring to such restrictions and may require the Participant, until the restrictions have lapsed, to keep the stock certificates, together with duly endorsed stock powers, in the custody of the Company or its transfer agent, or to maintain evidence of stock ownership, together with duly endorsed stock powers, in a certificateless book-entry stock account with the Company's transfer agent.
8. Performance Awards.
8.1. Grant. An Eligible Recipient may be granted one or more Performance Awards under the Plan, and such Performance Awards will be subject to such terms and conditions, if any, consistent with the other provisions of the Plan, as may be determined by the Committee in its sole discretion. The Committee may impose such restrictions or conditions, not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan, to the vesting of such Performance Awards as it deems appropriate, including, without limitation, (i) the achievement of one or more of the Performance Criteria and/or (ii) that the Participant remain in the continuous employ or service of the Company or a Subsidiary for a certain period.
8.2 Performance Periods. The Performance Period with respect to each Performance Award will be such period of time commencing with the date of grant as is determined by the Committee on the date of grant.
8.3 Specification of Performance Criteria. Any grant of Performance Awards will specify Performance Criteria that, if achieved, will result in payment or early payment of the Award, and each grant may specify in respect of such specified Performance Criteria a minimum acceptable level of achievement and shall set forth a formula for determining the amount of the Performance Award that will be earned if performance is at or above the minimum level, but falls short of full achievement of the specified Performance Criteria. The grant of Performance Awards will specify that, before the Performance Awards will be earned and paid, the Compensation Committee of the Board must certify that the Performance Criteria have been satisfied.
8.4. Settlement – Time of Payment.
(a) At the time any Performance Award is granted, the agreement evidencing the Performance Award will specify the time at which the vested portion of the Performance Award will be settled. In no event may the time of payment be changed after the Performance Award is granted.
(b) The agreement may specify that settlement will be made upon vesting or the settlement will occur with respect to all vested Performance Awards as of a specified time.
(c) To the extent the agreement does not provide for the settlement of vested Performance Awards on or before the date that is 2-1/2 months after the end of the year in which the Performance Award (or the relevant portion thereof) vests, the agreement will provide for payment to occur: (a) upon the Eligible Recipient's separation from service, death or disability; (b) upon a change in control of the Company; or (c) upon a specified date or pursuant to a specified schedule. In all cases in which payment is to be made in accordance with this Section 8.2(c), the times specified for payment will be interpreted and administered in accordance with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code and any applicable regulations or guidance issued in connection with that Code section.
8.5. Settlement – Form of Payment. Unless otherwise specified in the agreement evidencing the Performance Award, or some other written agreement between the Company and the Eligible Recipient, vested Performance Awards will be settled in cash or shares of Common Stock.
8.6. Rights as a Stockholder. A Participant holding a Performance Award shall have no rights as a holder of Common Stock unless and until the Performance Award is settled and shares of Common Stock are delivered to the Participant in such settlement.
8.7. Dividends and Distributions. Unless the Committee determines otherwise in its sole discretion (either in the agreement evidencing the Performance Award at the time of grant or at any time after the grant of the Performance Award), the Participant shall not be entitled to receive dividends or distributions with respect to the Shares subject to a Performance Award unless and until the Performance Award is settled and shares of Common Stock are delivered to the Participant in such settlement.
8.8. Unfunded and Unsecured Obligation of the Company. A Performance Award represents an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company to make payment to a Participant in accordance with the terms of this Plan or an award agreement. The Participant's rights with respect to a Performance Award shall be those of an unsecured creditor of the Company.
9. Effect of Termination of Employment or Other Service.
9.1. Termination Due to Death or Disability. In the event a Participant's employment or other service with the Company and all Subsidiaries is terminated by reason of death or Disability:
(a) All outstanding Options then held by the Participant will, to the extent exercisable as of such termination, remain exercisable for a period of six (6) months after such termination (but in no event after the expiration date of any such Option); and
(b) All Restricted Stock Awards then held by the Participant that have not vested as of such termination will be terminated and forfeited; and
(c) All outstanding Performance Awards then held by the Participant that have not vested as of such termination will be terminated and forfeited.
9.2. Termination Due to Retirement. Subject to Section 9.5 of the Plan, in the event a Participant's employment or other service with the Company and all Subsidiaries is terminated by reason of Retirement:
(a) All outstanding Options then held by the Participant will, to the extent exercisable as of such termination, remain exercisable in full for a period of three (3) months after such termination (but in no event after the expiration date of any such Option). Options not exercisable as of such Retirement will be forfeited and terminate; and
(b) All Restricted Stock Awards then held by the Participant that have not vested as of such termination will be terminated and forfeited; and
(c) All outstanding Performance Awards then held by the Participant that have not vested as of such termination will be terminated and forfeited.
9.3. Termination for Reasons Other than Death, Disability or Retirement. Subject to Section 9.5 of the Plan, in the event a Participant's employment or other service is terminated with the Company and all Subsidiaries for any reason other than death, Disability or Retirement, or a Participant is in the employ of a Subsidiary and the Subsidiary ceases to be a Subsidiary of the Company (unless the Participant continues in the employ of the Company or another Subsidiary):
(a) All outstanding Options then held by the Participant will, to the extent exercisable as of such termination, remain exercisable in full for a period of three (3) months after such termination (but in no event after the expiration date of any such Option). Options not exercisable as of such termination will be forfeited and terminate; and
(b) All Restricted Stock Awards then held by the Participant that have not vested as of such termination will be terminated and forfeited; and
(c) All outstanding Performance Awards then held by the Participant that have not vested as of such termination will be terminated and forfeited.
9.4. Modification of Rights Upon Termination. Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 9, the Committee may, in its sole discretion (which may be exercised in connection with the grant or after the date of grant, including following such termination), determine that upon a Participant's termination of employment or other service with the Company and all Subsidiaries, any Options (or any part thereof) then held by such Participant may become or continue to become exercisable and/or remain exercisable following such termination of employment or service, and Restricted Stock Awards and Performance Awards then held by such Participant may vest and/or continue to vest or become free of restrictions and conditions to issuance, as the case may be, following such termination of employment or service, in each case in the manner determined by the Committee.
9.5. Effects of Actions Constituting Cause. Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary, in the event that a Participant is determined by the Committee, acting in its sole discretion, to have committed any action which would constitute Cause as defined in Section 2.3, irrespective of whether such action or the Committee's determination occurs before or after termination of such Participant's employment or service with the Company or any Subsidiary, all rights of the Participant under the Plan and any agreements evidencing an Incentive Award then held by the Participant shall terminate and be forfeited without notice of any kind. The Company may defer the exercise of any Option or the vesting of any Restricted Stock Award or Performance Award for a period of up to ninety (90) days in order for the Committee to make any determination as to the existence of Cause.
9.6. Determination of Termination of Employment or Other Service. Unless the Committee otherwise determines in its sole discretion, a Participant's employment or other service will, for purposes of the Plan, be deemed to have terminated on the date recorded on the personnel or other records of the Company or the Subsidiary for which the Participant provides employment or service, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion based upon such records.
10. Payment of Withholding Taxes.
10.1. General Rules. The Company is entitled to (a) withhold and deduct from future wages of the Participant (or from other amounts that may be due and owing to the Participant from the Company or a Subsidiary), or make other arrangements for the collection of, all legally required amounts necessary to satisfy any and all federal, foreign, state and local withholding and employment-related tax requirements attributable to an Incentive Award, including, without limitation, the grant, exercise or vesting of, or payment of dividends with respect to, an Incentive Award or a disqualifying disposition of stock received upon exercise of an Incentive Stock Option, or (b) require the Participant promptly to remit the amount of such withholding to the Company before taking any action, including issuing any shares of Common Stock, with respect to an Incentive Award.
10.2. Special Rules. The Committee may, in its sole discretion and upon terms and conditions established by the Committee, permit or require a Participant to satisfy, in whole or in part, any withholding or employment-related tax obligation described in Section 10.1 of the Plan by electing to tender, or by attestation as to ownership of, Previously Acquired Shares that have been held for the period of time necessary to avoid a charge to the Company's earnings for financial reporting purposes and that are otherwise acceptable to the Committee, by delivery of a Broker Exercise Notice or a combination of such methods. For purposes of satisfying a Participant's withholding or employment-related tax obligation, Previously Acquired Shares tendered or covered by an attestation will be valued at their Fair Market Value.
11. Change in Control.
11.1. A "Change in Control" shall be deemed to have occurred if the event set forth in any one of the following paragraphs has occurred:
(a) the sale, lease, exchange or other transfer, directly or indirectly, of substantially all of the assets of the Company (in one transaction or in a series of related transactions) to any Successor;
(b) the approval by the stockholders of the Company of any plan or proposal for the liquidation or dissolution of the Company;
(c) any Successor (as defined in Section 11.2 below), other than a Bona Fide Underwriter (as defined in Section 11.2 below), becomes after the effective date of the Plan the "beneficial owner" (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of (i) 25% or more, but not 50% or more, of the combined voting power of the Company's outstanding securities ordinarily having the right to vote at elections of directors, unless the transaction resulting in such ownership has been approved in advance by the Continuity Directors (as defined in Section 11.2 below), or (ii) more than 50% of the combined voting power of the Company's outstanding securities ordinarily having the right to vote at elections of directors (regardless of any approval by the Continuity Directors);
(d) a merger or consolidation to which the Company is a party if the stockholders of the Company immediately prior to effective date of such merger or consolidation have "beneficial ownership" (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), immediately following the effective date of such merger or consolidation, of securities of the surviving corporation representing (i) 50% or more, but not more than 80%, of the combined voting power of the surviving corporation's then outstanding securities ordinarily having the right to vote at elections of directors, unless such merger or consolidation has been approved in advance by the Continuity Directors, or (ii) less than 50% of the combined voting power of the surviving corporation's then outstanding securities ordinarily having the right to vote at elections of directors (regardless of any approval by the Continuity Directors); or
(e) the Continuity Directors cease for any reason to constitute at least 50% or more of the Board.
11.2. Change in Control Definitions. For purposes of this Section 11:
(a) "Continuity Directors" of the Company will mean any individuals who are members of the Board on the effective date of the Plan and any individual who subsequently becomes a member of the Board whose election, or nomination for election by the Company's stockholders, was approved by a vote of at least a majority of the Continuity Directors (either by specific vote or by approval of the Company's proxy statement in which such individual is named as a nominee for director without objection to such nomination).
(b) "Bona Fide Underwriter" means an entity engaged in business as an underwriter of securities that acquires securities of the Company through such entity's participation in good faith in a firm commitment underwriting until the expiration of 40 days after the date of such acquisition.
(c) "Successor" means any individual, corporation, partnership, group, association or other "person," as such term is used in Section 13(d) or Section 14(d) of the Exchange Act, other than the Company, any "affiliate" (as defined below) or any benefit plan(s) sponsored by the Company or any affiliate that succeeds to, or has the practical ability to control (either immediately or solely with the passage of time), the Company's business directly, by merger, consolidation or other form of business combination, or indirectly, by purchase of the Company's outstanding securities ordinarily having the right to vote at the election of directors or all or substantially all of its assets or otherwise. For this purpose, an "affiliate" is (i) any corporation at least a majority of whose outstanding securities ordinarily having the right to vote at elections of directors is owned directly or indirectly by the Company; (ii) any other form of business entity in which the Company, by virtue of a direct or indirect ownership interest, has the right to elect a majority of the members of such entity's governing body or (iii) any entity that at the time of the approval of this Plan owns in excess of 10% of the Company's common stock and its affiliates.
11.3. Acceleration of Vesting. Without limiting the authority of the Committee under Sections 3.2 and 4.3 of the Plan, if a Change in Control of the Company occurs, then, if approved by the Committee in its sole discretion either in an agreement evidencing an Incentive Award at the time of grant or at any time after the grant of an Incentive Award: (a) outstanding Options that may become immediately exercisable in full and will remain exercisable in accordance with their terms; and (b) outstanding Restricted Stock Awards and Restricted Stock Units may become immediately fully vested and non-forfeitable; and (c) any conditions to the issuance of cash or shares of Common Stock pursuant to Performance Awards may lapse.
11.4. Cash Payment. If a Change in Control of the Company occurs, then the Committee, if approved by the Committee in its sole discretion either in an agreement evidencing an Incentive Award at the time of grant or at any time after the grant of an Incentive Award, and without the consent of any Participant affected thereby, may determine that:
(a) Some or all Participants holding outstanding Options will receive, with respect to some or all of the shares of Common Stock subject to such Options ("Option Shares"), either (i) as of the effective date of any such Change in Control, cash in an amount equal to the excess of the Fair Market Value of such Option Shares on the last business day prior to the effective date of such Change in Control over the exercise price per share of such Option Shares, (ii) immediately prior to such Change of Control, a number of shares of Common Stock having an aggregate Fair Market Value equal to the excess of the Fair Market Value of the Option Shares as of the last business day prior to the effective date of such Change in Control over the exercise price per share of such Option Shares; or (iii) any combination of cash or shares of Common Stock with the amount of each component to be determined by the Committee not inconsistent with the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii), as proportionally adjusted; and
(b) any Options which, as of the effective date of any such Change in Control, are "underwater" (as defined in Section 3.2(d)) shall terminate as of the effective date of any such Change in Control; and
(c) some or all Participants holding Performance Awards will receive, with respect to some or all of the shares of Common Stock subject to such Performance Awards that remain subject to issuance based upon the future achievement of Performance Criteria or other future event as of the effective date of any such Change in Control of the Company, cash in an amount equal the Fair Market Value of such shares immediately prior to the effective date of such Change in Control.
11.5. Limitation on Change in Control Payments. Notwithstanding anything in Section 11.3 or 11.4 of the Plan to the contrary, if, with respect to a Participant, the acceleration of the exercisability of an Option as provided in Section 11.3 or the payment of cash or shares of Common Stock in exchange for all or part of an Option as provided in Section 11.4 (which acceleration or payment could be deemed a "payment" within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code), together with any other "payments" that such Participant has the right to receive from the Company or any corporation that is a member of an "affiliated group" (as defined in Section 1504(a) of the Code without regard to Section 1504(b) of the Code) of which the Company is a member, would constitute a "parachute payment" (as defined in Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code), then the "payments" to such Participant pursuant to Section 11.3 or 11.4 of the Plan will be reduced to the largest amount as will result in no portion of such "payments" being subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code; provided, however, that if a Participant is subject to a separate agreement with the Company or a Subsidiary which specifically provides that payments attributable to one or more forms of employee stock incentives or to payments made in lieu of employee stock incentives will not reduce any other payments under such agreement, even if it would constitute an excess parachute payment, or provides that the Participant will have the discretion to determine which payments will be reduced in order to avoid an excess parachute payment, then the limitations of this Section 11.4 will, to that extent, not apply.
12. Rights of Eligible Recipients and Participants; Transferability.
12.1. Employment or Service. Nothing in the Plan will interfere with or limit in any way the right of the Company or any Subsidiary to terminate the employment or service of any Eligible Recipient or Participant at any time, nor confer upon any Eligible Recipient or Participant any right to continue in the employ or service of the Company or any Subsidiary.
12.2. Rights as a Stockholder. As a holder of Incentive Awards (other than Restricted Stock Awards), a Participant will have no rights as a stockholder unless and until such Incentive Awards are exercised for, or paid in the form of, shares of Common Stock and the Participant becomes the holder of record of such shares. Except as otherwise provided in the Plan, no adjustment will be made for dividends or distributions with respect to such Incentive Awards as to which there is a record date preceding the date the Participant becomes the holder of record of such shares, except as the Committee may determine in its discretion.
12.3. Restrictions on Transfer.
(a) Except pursuant to testamentary will or the laws of descent and distribution or as otherwise expressly permitted by subsections (b) and (c) below, no right or interest of any Participant in an Incentive Award prior to the exercise (in the case of Options) or vesting (in the case of Restricted Stock Awards) or settlement (in the case of Restricted Stock Units or Performance Awards) of such Incentive Award will be assignable or transferable, or subjected to any lien, during the lifetime of the Participant, either voluntarily or involuntarily, directly or indirectly, by operation of law or otherwise.
(b) A Participant will be entitled to designate a beneficiary to receive an Incentive Award upon such Participant's death, and in the event of such Participant's death, payment of any amounts due under the Plan will be made to, and exercise of any Options (to the extent permitted pursuant to Section 9 of the Plan) may be made by, such beneficiary. If a deceased Participant has failed to designate a beneficiary, or if a beneficiary designated by the Participant fails to survive the Participant, payment of any amounts due under the Plan will be made to, and exercise of any Options (to the extent permitted pursuant to Section 9 of the Plan) may be made by, the Participant's legal representatives, heirs and legatees. If a deceased Participant has designated a beneficiary and such beneficiary survives the Participant but dies before complete payment of all amounts due under the Plan or exercise of all exercisable Options, then such payments will be made to, and the exercise of such Options may be made by, the legal representatives, heirs and legatees of the beneficiary.
(c) Upon a Participant's request, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, permit a transfer of all or a portion of a Non-Statutory Stock Option, other than for value, to such Participant's child, stepchild, grandchild, parent, stepparent, grandparent, spouse, former spouse, sibling, niece, nephew, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law, or sister-in-law, any person sharing such Participant's household (other than a tenant or employee), a trust in which any of the foregoing have more than fifty percent of the beneficial interests, a foundation in which any of the foregoing (or the Participant) control the management of assets, and any other entity in which these persons (or the Participant) own more than fifty percent of the voting interests. Any permitted transferee will remain subject to all the terms and conditions applicable to the Participant prior to the transfer. A permitted transfer may be conditioned upon such requirements as the Committee may, in its sole discretion, determine, including, but not limited to execution and/or delivery of appropriate acknowledgements, opinion of counsel, or other documents by the transferee.
12.4. Non-Exclusivity of the Plan. Nothing contained in the Plan is intended to modify or rescind any previously approved compensation plans or programs of the Company or create any limitations on the power or authority of the Board to adopt such additional or other compensation arrangements as the Board may deem necessary or desirable.
13. Securities Law and Other Restrictions.
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan or any agreements entered into pursuant to the Plan, the Company will not be required to issue any shares of Common Stock under this Plan, and a Participant may not sell, assign, transfer or otherwise dispose of shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to Incentive Awards granted under the Plan, unless (a) there is in effect with respect to such shares a registration statement under the Securities Act and any applicable securities laws of a state or foreign jurisdiction or an exemption from such registration under the Securities Act and applicable state or foreign securities laws, and (b) there has been obtained any other consent, approval or permit from any other U.S. or foreign regulatory body which the Committee, in its sole discretion, deems necessary or advisable. The Company may condition such issuance, sale or transfer upon the receipt of any representations or agreements from the parties involved, and the placement of any legends on certificates representing shares of Common Stock, as may be deemed necessary or advisable by the Company in order to comply with such securities law or other restrictions.
14. Plan Amendment, Modification and Termination.
The Board may suspend or terminate the Plan or any portion thereof at any time, and may amend the Plan from time to time in such respects as the Board may deem advisable in order that Incentive Awards under the Plan will conform to any change in applicable laws or regulations or in any other respect the Board may deem to be in the best interests of the Company; provided, however, that no such amendments to the Plan will be effective without approval of the Company's stockholders if stockholder approval of the amendment is then required pursuant to Section 422 of the Code or the rules of any stock exchange or the NASDAQ Stock Market or similar regulatory body. No termination, suspension or amendment of the Plan may adversely affect any outstanding Incentive Award without the consent of the affected Participant; provided, however, that this sentence will not impair the right of the Committee to take whatever action it deems appropriate under Sections 3.2(c), 4.3 and 11 of the Plan.
15. Effective Date and Duration of the Plan.
The Plan is effective as of the Effective Date. The Plan will terminate at midnight on February 12, 2029 and may be terminated prior to such time by Board action. No Incentive Award will be granted after termination of the Plan. Incentive Awards outstanding upon termination of the Plan may continue to be exercised, or become free of restrictions, according to their terms.
16. Miscellaneous.
16.1. Governing Law. Except to the extent expressly provided herein or in connection with other matters of corporate governance and authority (all of which shall be governed by the laws of the Company's jurisdiction of incorporation), the validity, construction, interpretation, administration and effect of the Plan and any rules, regulations and actions relating to the Plan will be governed by and construed exclusively in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware notwithstanding the conflicts of laws principles of any jurisdictions.
16.2. Successors and Assigns. The Plan will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the Participants.
Annual Meeting of Stockholders
March 27, 2019
Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders
To Be Held on March 27,  
The Annual Report on Form 10-K and the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting are available at http://investors.aquametals.com/
AQUA METALS, INC.
THIS PROXY IS SOLICITED ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The undersigned, revoking all prior proxies, hereby appoints Steve Cotton and Sushil ("Sam") Kapoor with full power of substitution, as proxy to represent and vote all shares of Common Stock of Aqua Metals, Inc. (the "Company"), which the undersigned will be entitled to vote if personally present at the Annual Meeting of the Stockholders of the Company to be held on March 27, 2019, at 8:00 a.m. local time at the Peppermill Hotel, 2707 South Virginia St., Reno, NV 89502. Each share of Common Stock is entitled to one vote. THE PROXIES ARE FURTHER AUTHORIZED TO VOTE, IN THEIR DISCRETION, UPON SUCH OTHER BUSINESS AS MAY PROPERLY COME BEFORE THE MEETING.
This proxy, when properly executed, will be voted as directed. If no direction is made, the proxy shall be voted FOR the election of the listed nominees as directors, FOR the ratification of the appointment of Armanino LLP as the Company's independent auditors for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2019, FOR the approval of the Company's 2019 Stock Incentive Plan, FOR the approval of the amendment to the Company's Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, and, in the case of other matters that legally come before the meeting, as said proxies may deem advisable.
Please check here if you plan to attend the Annual Meeting of Stockholders on March 27, 2019 at 8:00 a.m. (local time). [  ]
(Continued and to be signed on Reverse Side)
 