 Use these links to rapidly review the document    TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Table of Contents 
UNITED STATES  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  Washington, D.C. 20549  
 SCHEDULE 14A
Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of  the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No.          ) 
Table of Contents 
This document shall also serve as a circular to holders of the ordinary shares of BeiGene, Ltd. for the purposes of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.
BEIGENE, LTD.   (NASDAQ Trading Symbol: BGNE; HKEx Stock Code: 06160)  c/o Mourant Governance Services (Cayman) Limited  94 Solaris Avenue, Camana Bay  Grand Cayman KY1-1108  Cayman Islands  
 NOTICE OF 2018 EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS  
        Notice is hereby given that the 2018 Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders (the "EGM") of BeiGene, Ltd. (the "Company") will be held on December 7, 2018, at 8:30 a.m. local time, at the Bullpen, Charles Unit 4A, The Albany, 127 South Ocean Boulevard, New Providence, The Bahamas. The purpose of the meeting is to consider and pass the following: 
        1.     special resolution: to adopt an official Chinese company name "  " for BeiGene, Ltd.; 
        2.     special resolution: to adopt the Fifth Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company to comply with the Rules (the "HK Listing Rules") Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited as described in this Proxy Statement; 
        3.     ordinary resolution: within the parameters of Rule 13.36 of the HK Listing Rules, to approve the granting of a share issue mandate to the Board of Directors to issue, allot or deal with unissued ordinary shares and/or American Depositary Shares ("ADSs") not exceeding 20% of the total number of issued ordinary shares of the Company as at the date of passing of such proposed ordinary resolution up to the next annual general meeting ("AGM") of the Company, subject to the conditions described in this Proxy Statement; 
        4.     ordinary resolution: to authorize the Company and its underwriters, at their sole discretion, to allocate to each of Baker Bros. Advisors LP and Hillhouse Capital Management, Ltd. and parties affiliated with each of them (the "Existing Shareholders"), up to a maximum amount of shares in order to maintain the same shareholding percentage of each of the Existing Shareholders (based on the then-outstanding share capital of the Company) before and after the allocation of the corresponding securities issued pursuant to an offering conducted pursuant to the general mandate set forth above for a period of five years, which period will be subject to an extension on a rolling basis each year, conditional on the approval of the shareholders who are not Existing Shareholders, subject to the conditions described in this Proxy Statement; 
        5.     ordinary resolution: to approve the Second Amended and Restated 2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan; 
        6.     ordinary resolution: to approve the Second Amended and Restated 2018 Employee Share Purchase Plan; and 
        7.     to transact such other business as may properly come before the meeting and any adjournment or postponement. 
        Our Board of Directors has fixed 5:00 p.m. (Cayman Islands Time) on October 25, 2018 as the record date. Holders of record of our ordinary shares as of 5:00 p.m. (Cayman Islands Time) on the record date are entitled to attend and vote at the meeting and any adjournment or postponement. Holders of record of our ADSs, each representing 13 of our ordinary shares, as of the record date who wish to exercise their voting rights for the underlying ordinary shares must act through Citibank, N.A., the depositary of the ADSs. 
Table of Contents
        The accompanying Proxy Statement more fully describes the details of the business to be conducted at the EGM. After careful consideration, our Board of Directors has approved the proposals and recommends that you vote FOR each proposal described in this Proxy Statement. 
        Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited take no responsibility for the contents of this Proxy Statement, make no representation as to its accuracy or completeness and expressly disclaim any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from or in reliance upon the whole or any part of the contents of this Proxy Statement. 
        This Proxy Statement, for which the directors collectively and individually accept full responsibility, includes particulars given in compliance with the HK Listing Rules for the purpose of giving information with regard to the Company. The directors, having made all reasonable enquiries, confirm that to the best of their knowledge and belief, the information contained in this Proxy Statement is accurate and complete in all material respects and not misleading or deceptive, and there are no other matters the omission of which would make any statement herein or this Proxy Statement misleading. 
        As at the date of this Proxy Statement, the Board of Directors of the Company comprises Mr. John V. Oyler as Chairman and Executive Director, Dr. Xiaodong Wang as Non-executive Director, and Mr. Timothy Chen, Mr. Donald W. Glazer, Mr. Michael Goller, Mr. Ranjeev Krishana, Mr. Thomas Malley, Mr. Jing-Shyh (Sam) Su and Mr. Qingqing Yi as Independent Non-executive Directors. 
        Your vote is important. As promptly as possible, you are urged to complete, sign, date and return the accompanying proxy form to Mourant Governance Services (Cayman) Limited (for holders of our ordinary shares registered on our Cayman Islands register) and to Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited (for holders of our ordinary shares registered on our Hong Kong register) no later than 5:00 p.m., Hong Kong Time, on December 4, 2018 or your voting instructions to Citibank, N.A. (for holders of our ADSs) no later than 10:00 a.m., New York Time, on December 3, 2018 if you wish to exercise your voting rights.
    IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS   FOR THE SHAREHOLDER MEETING TO BE HELD ON DECEMBER 7, 2018         
        The accompanying Proxy Statement will also be available to the public at  www.beigene.com under "Investors—NASDAQ investors" and "—HKEX investors", on the website of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (www.sec.gov) and on the website of Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited (www.hkexnews.hk). The form of proxy for use at the EGM is also enclosed. Such form of proxy is also published on the websites of the Company (www.beigene.com), the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (www.sec.gov), and Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited (www.hkexnews.hk). 
November 8, 2018 
   Notice to holders of the ordinary shares of BeiGene, Ltd:  
        If you are in any doubt as to any aspect of this Proxy Statement or as to the action to be taken, you should consult your stockbroker or other registered dealer in securities, bank manager, solicitor, professional accountant or other professional adviser. 
        Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited take no responsibility for the contents of this Proxy Statement, make no representation as to its accuracy or completeness and expressly disclaim any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from or in reliance upon the whole or any part of the contents of this Proxy Statement. 
Table of Contents 
   BEIGENE, LTD.        PROXY STATEMENT FOR        2018 EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS        TABLE OF CONTENTS         
 GENERAL INFORMATION
 OVERVIEW OF PROPOSALS
 PROPOSAL 1 OFFICIAL CHINESE COMPANY NAME
 PROPOSAL 2 RESTATED ARTICLES
 PROPOSAL 3 GENERAL MANDATE TO ISSUE SHARES
 PROPOSAL 4 CONNECTED PERSON PLACING AUTHORIZATION
 PROPOSAL 5 APPROVAL OF THE BEIGENE, LTD. SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED 2016 SHARE OPTION AND INCENTIVE PLAN
 PROPOSAL 6 APPROVAL OF THE BEIGENE, LTD. SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED 2018 EMPLOYEE SHARE PURCHASE PLAN
 TRANSACTION OF OTHER BUSINESS
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
 DELIVERY OF PROXY MATERIALS
i
Table of Contents 
BEIGENE, LTD.  
PROXY STATEMENT  
FOR THE 2018 EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS  
GENERAL INFORMATION  
        This Proxy Statement is furnished in connection with the solicitation of proxies by the Board of Directors (the "Board of Directors") of BeiGene, Ltd. for use at its 2018 Extraordionary General Meeting of Shareholders (the "EGM") to be held on December 7, 2018 at 8:30 a.m. local time at the Bullpen, Charles Unit 4A, The Albany, 127 South Ocean Boulevard, New Providence, The Bahamas, for the purpose of considering and, if thought fit, passing the resolutions specified in the Notice of Extraordinary General Meeting. This Proxy Statement is being mailed to shareholders on or about November 9, 2018. 
        For a proxy to be effective, it must be properly executed and dated and lodged (together with a duly signed and dated power of attorney or other authority (if any) under which it is executed (or a notarially certified copy of such power of attorney or other authority)) at the offices of our registrar in the Cayman Islands, Mourant Governance Services (Cayman) Limited (the "Cayman Registrar") (for holders of our ordinary shares registered on our Cayman Islands register of members (the "Cayman Register")) or at the offices of our registrar in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited (the "HK Registrar") (for holders of our ordinary shares registered on our Hong Kong register of members (the "HK Register")) so as to be received no later than 5:00 p.m., Hong Kong Time, on December 4, 2018. Each proxy properly tendered will, unless otherwise directed by the shareholder, be voted: 
        (1)   FOR the adoption of an official Chinese company name "  " for BeiGene, Ltd. as described in this Proxy Statement; 
        (2)   FOR the adoption of the Fifth Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company (the "Restated Articles") to comply with the Rules (the "HK Listing Rules") Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited as described in this Proxy Statement; 
        (3)   FOR the approval, within the parameters of Rule 13.36 of the HK Listing Rules, of the granting of a share issue mandate to the Board of Directors to issue, allot or deal with unissued ordinary shares and/or American Depositary Shares ("ADSs") not exceeding 20% of the total number of issued ordinary shares of the Company as at the date of passing of such proposed ordinary resolution up to the next annual general meeting ("AGM") of the Company, subject to the conditions described in this Proxy Statement; 
        (4)   FOR the authorization of the Company and its underwriters, at their sole discretion, to allocate to each of Baker Bros. Advisors LP and Hillhouse Capital Management, Ltd. and parties affiliated with each of them (the "Existing Shareholders"), up to a maximum amount of shares in order to maintain the same shareholding percentage of each of the Existing Shareholders (based on then-outstanding share capital of the Company) before and after the allocation of the corresponding securities issued pursuant to an offering conducted pursuant to the general mandate set forth above for a period of five years, which period will be subject to an extension on a rolling basis each year, conditional on the approval of the shareholders who are not Existing Shareholders, subject to the conditions described in this Proxy Statement; 
        (5)   FOR the approval of the Second Amended and Restated 2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan; 
        (6)   FOR the approval of the Second Amended and Restated 2018 Employee Share Purchase Plan; and 
Table of Contents
        (7)   at the discretion of the proxy holder(s) with regard to all other matters that may properly come before the meeting. 
        We will pay all of the costs of soliciting proxies. Our directors, officers and employees may also solicit proxies; however, we will not pay them additional compensation for any of these services. Proxies may be solicited by telephone, email, facsimile, personal solicitation or otherwise. 
        In this Proxy Statement, the terms "BeiGene," "we," "us," and "our" refer to BeiGene, Ltd., unless the context otherwise requires, refer to its subsidiaries as well. The mailing address of our principal executive offices is c/o Mourant Governance Services (Cayman) Limited, 94 Solaris Avenue, Camana Bay, Grand Cayman KY1-1108, Cayman Islands. 
        Please note that while our proxy materials are available on our website, no other information contained on the website is incorporated by reference into or considered to be part of this document. 
   Shareholders Entitled to Vote; Record Date  
        Only holders of record of our ordinary shares, par value US$0.0001 per share, at 5:00 p.m. (Cayman Islands Time) on October 25, 2018 (the "record date") are entitled to receive notice of, to attend and to vote at, the EGM. As of 5:00 p.m. (Cayman Islands Time) on the record date, we had 771,063,184 ordinary shares outstanding, all of which are entitled to vote with respect to all matters to be acted upon at the EGM. On the record date, approximately 586,752,777 of the 771,063,184 outstanding ordinary shares were held in the name of Citibank, N.A. (the "Depositary") as depositary for the ADSs, which issues company-sponsored American Depositary Receipts, evidencing ADSs that in turn each represent 13 of our ordinary shares. Each shareholder of record is entitled to one vote for each ordinary share held by such shareholder. 
   Quorum  
        We are an exempted company incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability, and our affairs are governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, which we refer to as our "articles"; the Companies Law (as amended) of the Cayman Islands, which we refer to as the "Cayman Companies Law"; and the common law of the Cayman Islands. 
        The quorum required for a general meeting of shareholders at which an ordinary resolution is proposed consists of such shareholders present in person or by proxy who together hold shares carrying the right to at least a simple majority of all votes capable of being exercised on a poll. The quorum required for a general meeting at which a special resolution is proposed consists of such shareholders present in person or by proxy who together hold shares carrying the right to at least two-thirds of all votes capable of being exercised on a poll. 
   Voting  
        An ordinary resolution to be passed by the shareholders requires the affirmative vote of a simple majority of the votes cast by the shareholders entitled to vote who are present in person or by proxy at a general meeting, while a special resolution requires the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the votes cast by the shareholders entitled to vote who are present in person or by proxy at a general meeting (except for certain types of winding up of the company, in which case the required majority to pass a special resolution is 100%). Both ordinary resolutions and special resolutions may also be passed by a unanimous written resolution signed by all the shareholders of our Company, as permitted by the Cayman Companies Law and our articles. A special resolution is required for important matters such as a change of name and amendments to our articles (Proposals 1 and 2). Our shareholders may effect certain changes by ordinary resolution, including increasing the amount of our authorized share capital, consolidating and dividing all or any of our share capital into shares of larger amounts than our  Table of Contents existing shares and cancelling any authorized but unissued shares (Proposal 3 through 6). We have received irrevocable undertakings from shareholders holding 40.9% of shares entitled to vote at the EGM to approve the Restated Articles (Proposal 2). 
        Persons who hold our ordinary shares directly on the Cayman Register on the record date ("Cayman record holders") must (1) return a proxy card (a) by mail or by hand to the offices of the Cayman Registrar: Mourant Governance Services (Cayman) Limited, 94 Solaris Avenue, Camana Bay, Grand Cayman KY1-1108, Cayman Islands, or (b) by email at BeiGene@mourant.com; or (2) attend the EGM in person to vote on the proposals. 
        Persons who hold our ordinary shares directly on the HK Register on the record date ("HK record holders," and together with the Cayman record holders, "record holders") must (1) return a proxy card by mail or by hand to the offices of the HK Registrar: Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, 17M Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen's Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong; or (2) attend the EGM in person to vote on the proposals. 
        Persons who own our ordinary shares indirectly on the record date through a brokerage firm, bank or other financial institution, including persons who own our ordinary shares in the form of ADSs through the Depositary ("beneficial owners"), must return a voting instruction form to have their shares or the shares underlying their ADSs, as the case may be, voted on their behalf. Brokerage firms, banks or other financial institutions that do not receive voting instructions from beneficial owners may either vote these shares on behalf of the beneficial owners if permitted by applicable rules or return a proxy leaving these shares un-voted (a "broker non-vote"). 
        ADS holders are not entitled to vote directly at the EGM, but the Deposit Agreement, dated as of February 5, 2016, as amended (the "Deposit Agreement"), by and among the Depositary, the Company and the holders of ADSs permits registered holders of ADSs as of the record date to instruct the Depositary how to exercise voting rights pertaining to the ordinary shares so represented. The Depositary has agreed that it will endeavor, insofar as practicable and permitted under applicable law and the provisions of the Deposit Agreement, to vote (in person or by delivery to BeiGene of a proxy) the ordinary shares registered in the name of the Depositary in accordance with the voting instructions received from the ADS holders. If the Depository does not receive instructions from a holder, such holder shall be deemed, and the Depository shall (unless otherwise specified in the notice distributed to holders of ADSs) deem such holder, to have instructed the Depository to give a discretionary proxy to a person designated by us to vote the ordinary shares represented by such holders' ADSs, provided that no such discretionary proxy may be given by the Depositary with respect to any matter to be voted upon that we inform the Depositary that (a) we do not wish such proxy to be given, (b) substantial opposition exists, or (c) the rights of holders of ordinary shares may be materially adversely affected. In the event that the instruction card is executed but does not specify the manner in which the ordinary shares represented are to be voted (i.e., by marking a vote "FOR," "AGAINST" or any other option), the Depositary will vote in respect of each proposal as recommended by the Board as described in the Notice of Extraordinary General Meeting. Instructions from the ADS holders must be sent to the Depositary so that the instructions are received by no later than 10:00 a.m. New York Time on December 3, 2018. 
        Abstentions and broker non-votes will be counted for the purpose of determining the presence or absence of a quorum, but will not be counted for the purpose of determining the number of votes cast on a given proposal. 
        We have retained the Cayman Registrar to hold and maintain our Cayman Register and the HK Registrar to maintain our HK Register. The Cayman Registrar and the HK Registrar will be engaged by us to take delivery of completed proxy forms posted to it in accordance with the details above.  Table of Contents
        We encourage you to vote by proxy by mailing or emailing or sending by hand an executed proxy card. Voting in advance of the meeting will ensure that your shares will be voted and reduce the likelihood that we will be forced to incur additional expenses soliciting proxies for the EGM. Any record holder of our ordinary shares may attend the EGM in person and may revoke the enclosed form of proxy at any time by:
        Beneficial owners of our ordinary shares and ADSs representing our ordinary shares who wish to change or revoke their voting instructions should contact their brokerage firm, bank or other financial institution or the Depositary, as applicable, for information on how to do so. Beneficial owners who wish to attend the EGM and vote in person should contact their brokerage firm, bank or other financial institution holding our ordinary shares on their behalf in order to obtain a "legal proxy" which will allow them to both attend the meeting and vote in person. Without a legal proxy, beneficial owners cannot vote at the EGM because their brokerage firm, bank or other financial institution may have already voted or returned a broker non-vote on their behalf. Record holders of ADSs who wish to attend the EGM and vote in person should contact the Depositary (and beneficial owners wishing to do the same should contact their brokerage firm, bank or other financial institution holding their ADSs) to cause their ADSs to be cancelled and the underlying shares to be withdrawn in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Deposit Agreement so as to be recognized by us as a record holder of our ordinary shares. 
   No Appraisal Rights  
        Our shareholders have no rights under the Cayman Companies Law or under our articles to exercise dissenters'or appraisal rights with respect to the proposals being voted on. 
   Expenses of Solicitation  
        We are making this solicitation and will pay the entire cost of preparing and distributing the proxy materials and soliciting votes. If you choose to access the proxy materials over the Internet, you are responsible for any Internet access charges that you may incur. Our officers, directors and employees may, without compensation other than their regular compensation, solicit proxies through further mailings, personal conversations, facsimile transmissions, emails, or otherwise. Proxy solicitation expenses that we will pay include those for preparation, mailing, returning, and tabulating the proxies. 
   Procedure for Submitting Shareholder Proposals  
        The Cayman Companies Law provides shareholders with only limited rights to requisition a general meeting and does not provide shareholders with a right to put any proposal before a general meeting. However, these rights may be provided in a company's articles of association. Our Fourth Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (the "Existing Articles") allow our shareholders holding in aggregate not less than a simple majority of the voting rights of issued shares and entitled to vote at general meetings to requisition an extraordinary general meeting of our shareholders, in which case our Board of Directors is obliged to convene an extraordinary general meeting and to put the resolutions so requisitioned to a vote at such meeting. However, under our Existing Articles, our shareholders may propose only ordinary resolutions to be put to a vote at such meetings and shall have no right to propose resolutions with respect to the election, appointment or removal of directors. If our Restated Articles are adopted at the EGM, our shareholders holding in aggregate not less than one-tenth of the voting rights of issued shares and entitled to vote at general  Table of Contents meetings will be allowed to requisition an extraordinary general meeting of our shareholders, in which case our Board of Directors is obliged to convene an extraordinary general meeting and to put the resolutions so requisitioned to a vote at such meeting. Additionally, under the Restated Articles, at a properly requisitioned extraordinary general meeting, our shareholers will have right to propose resolutions with respect to the election, appointment or removal of directors. Neither our Existing Articles nor Restated Articles provide any other right to put any proposals before annual general meetings or extraordinary general meetings. As a Cayman Islands exempted company, we are not obligated by law to call shareholders' annual general meetings. However, our corporate governance guidelines require us to call such meetings every year to the extent required by the listing rules of any stock exchange on which our ordinary shares or ADSs are traded. 
        Shareholders may present proper proposals for inclusion in our proxy statement and for consideration at our next annual general meeting of shareholders by submitting their proposals in writing to us in a timely manner. In order to be considered for inclusion in the proxy statement for the 2019 annual general meeting of shareholders, shareholder proposals must be received at our principal executive offices no later than December 27, 2018, and must otherwise comply with the requirements of Rule 14a-8 of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). Any shareholder proposal for the annual general meeting of shareholders in 2019, which is submitted outside the processes of Rule 14a-8, shall be considered untimely unless received by the Company in writing no later than March 12, 2019. If the date of the annual meeting is moved by more than 30 days from the date contemplated at the time of the previous year's proxy statement, then notice must be received within a reasonable time before we begin to print and send proxy materials. If that happens, we will publicly announce the deadline for submitting a proposal in a press release or in a document filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") and announced in Hong Kong via the  hkexnews.hk website. A copy of all notices of proposals by shareholders should be sent to us at c/o Mourant Governance Services (Cayman) Limited, 94 Solaris Avenue, Camana Bay, Grand Cayman KY1-1108, Cayman Islands. 
   Director Nominations by Shareholders  
        Any shareholder wishing to recommend a director candidate for consideration by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee should provide the following information within the timeframe set forth by our Existing Articles and SEC rules to BeiGene, Ltd., c/o Mourant Governance Services (Cayman) Limited, 94 Solaris Avenue, Camana Bay, Grand Cayman KY1-1108, Cayman Islands, Attention: Secretary: (a) the name and address of record of the shareholder; (b) a representation that the shareholder is a record holder of our securities or, if the shareholder is not a record holder, evidence of ownership in accordance with Rule 14a-8(b)(2) of the Exchange Act; (c) the candidate's name, age, business and residential address, educational background, current principal occupation or employment, and principal occupation or employment for the past five years; (d) a description of the qualifications and background of the candidate that addresses the criteria for board membership approved by our board of directors; (e) a description of all arrangements or understandings between the shareholder and the candidate; (f) the consent of the candidate (i) to be named in the proxy statement for our next shareholder meeting and (ii) to serve as a director if elected at that meeting; and (g) and any other information regarding the candidate that is required to be included in a proxy statement filed pursuant to SEC rules and Listing Rules of HKEx. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee may seek further information from or about the shareholder making the recommendation, the candidate, or any such other beneficial owner, including information about all business and other relationships between the candidate and the shareholder and between the candidate and any such other beneficial owner.  Table of Contents
OVERVIEW OF PROPOSALS  
        This Proxy Statement contains six proposals requiring shareholder action: 
        Proposal 1 requests the adoption of an official Chinese company name "  " for BeiGene, Ltd. 
        Proposal 2 requests the adoption of the Restated Articles to comply with the HK Listing Rules as described in this Proxy Statement. 
        Proposal 3 requests the approval, within the parameters of Rule 13.36 of the HK Listing Rules, of the granting of a share issue mandate to the Board of Directors to issue, allot or deal with unissued ordinary shares and/or ADSs not exceeding 20% of the total number of issued ordinary shares of the Company as at the date of passing of such proposed ordinary resolution up to the next AGM, subject to the conditions described in this Proxy Statement. 
        Proposal 4 requests the authorization of the Company and its underwriters, at their sole discretion, to allocate to each of the Existing Shareholders, up to a maximum amount of shares in order to maintain the same shareholding percentage of each of the Existing Shareholders (based on the then-outstanding share capital of the Company) before and after the allocation of the corresponding securities issued pursuant to an offering conducted pursuant to the general mandate set forth above for a period of five years, which period will be subject to an extension on a rolling basis each year, conditional on the approval of the shareholders who are not Existing Shareholders, subject to the conditions described in this Proxy Statement. 
        Proposal 5 requests the approval of the Second Amended and Restated 2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan. 
        Proposal 6 requests the approval of the Second Amended and Restated 2018 Employee Share Purchase Plan. 
        Each of the proposals is discussed in more detail in the pages that follow. 
   Results of EGM  
        Results of the EGM will be posted on the website of the Company (www.beigene.com) and on the website of Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited (www.hkexnews.hk) upon the conclusion of the EGM and on the website of the SEC (www.sec.gov) in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed by us within four business days of the conclusion of the EGM.  Table of Contents
    PROPOSAL 1              OFFICIAL CHINESE COMPANY NAME         
   General  
        We are a commercial-stage biotechnology company with a substantial presence in China through our local subsidiaries. Our securities are listed on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the "HKEx") and the Nasdaq Global Select Market ("NASDAQ"). Our Board of Directors believes that it is advisable to adopt an official Chinese company name "  " for BeiGene, Ltd. 
   Vote Required and Board of Directors' Recommendation  
        Approval of Proposal 1 requires the favorable vote of at least a two-thirds majority of the votes cast by the shareholders entitled to vote who are present in person or by proxy at the EGM. Broker non-votes and abstentions with respect to Proposal 1 will not be treated as votes cast for this purpose and, therefore, will not affect the outcome of the vote. 
        The Board of Directors recommends that shareholders vote FOR the adoption of an official Chinese company name for BeiGene, Ltd. Table of Contents 
    PROPOSAL 2        RESTATED ARTICLES         
   General  
        Our Board of Directors has approved, declared advisable and is recommending that our shareholders approve the Restated Articles to amend our Existing Articles at the EGM. Details of the proposed amendments to the Existing Articles are set out below. The following discussion is qualified in its entirety by reference to the proposed Restated Articles, a copy of which is attached to this Proxy Statement as Appendix A and is incorporated herein by reference.  Appendix A is marked to show the proposed changes that would be made. 
   Background  
        Since August 8, 2018, our ordinary shares have been listed on the HKEx. In connection with the listing, we undertook to the HKEx to put forth resolutions to our shareholders at an EGM to be convened within four months of the consummation of the listing to amend certain provisions of our Existing Articles to comply with the HK Listing Rules, and we have received irrevocable undertakings from shareholders holding 40.9% of shares entitled to vote at the EGM to approve the Restated Articles. 
        The Existing Articles are available on the websites of the Company (www.beigene.com) and Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited (www.hkexnews.hk). 
   Description and Purpose of the Restated Articles  
   Shareholder Meeting Requisition  
        To comply with the HK Listing Rules, in the proposed Restated Articles, we propose to amend our Existing Articles such that holders of one-tenth of voting rights of our issued share capital may requisition a general meeting of shareholders, compared to the simple majority requirement currently set out in our Existing Articles. 
   Director Appointment and Removal  
        Paragraph 4(3) of Appendix 3 and paragraph 5(1) of Part B of Appendix 13 of the HK Listing Rules provide that directors may be removed at any time by ordinary resolution of the members. Under our Existing Articles, any director may be removed by a special resolution of the members. To comply with the HK Listing Rules, in the proposed Restated Articles, we propose to amend our Existing Articles such that (1) the shareholders requisitioning a general meeting of shareholders may put forward resolutions to appoint or remove directors, and (2) at that meeting so convened the affirmative vote of a simple majority of the issued shares as of the applicable record date shall be sufficient to approve the appointment or removal of directors. 
   Director Compensation for Loss of Office or Retirement  
        Paragraph 5(4) of Part B of Appendix 13 of the HK Listing Rules provides that the articles of association shall stipulate that the issuer in general meeting must approve the payment to any director or past director of any sum by way of compensation for loss of office or as consideration for or in connection with his or her retirement from office (not being a payment to which the director is contractually entitled). To comply with the HK Listing Rules, in the proposed Restated Articles, we propose to amend our Existing Articles such that any compensation for loss of office or as consideration in connection with a director's retirement (not being a payment to which he/she is contractually entitled) is subject to the approval of our shareholders at a general meeting.  Table of Contents
   Meeting Notice Requirement  
        Paragraph 3(1) of Part B of Appendix 13 of the HK Listing Rules provides that the articles of association shall stipulate that any annual general meeting must be called by notice of at least 21 days, and that any other general meeting (including an extraordinary general meeting) must be called by notice of at least 14 days and the articles of association shall stipulate that the notice convening a meeting shall contain particulars of the resolutions to be considered at that meeting. The note to paragraph 3(1) of Part B of Appendix 13 of the HK Listing Rules further provides that the articles of association may provide that issuers may convene a general meeting on shorter notice than required under this provision or the companies' articles of association if it is agreed: (a) in the case of an annual general meeting, by all the members entitled to attend and vote at the meeting; and (b) in any other case, by a majority in number of the members having the right to attend and vote at the meeting, being a majority together representing at least 95% of the total voting rights at the meeting of all the members. To comply with the HK Listing Rules, in the proposed Restated Articles, we propose to amend our Existing Articles such that the notice period for any annual general meeting shall be at least 21 calendar days' advance notice and the notice period for any other general meeting shall be at least 14 calendar days' advance notice. 
        The Restated Articles also contain consequential changes to the amendments described above, including but not limited to in relation to the numbering of the provisions of the Existing Articles. 
   General Effects of the Restated Articles  
        Upon shareholder adoption of the Restated Articles, the Restated Articles will become effective immediately and will be filed with the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies. 
        We believe that the Restated Articles provide better protections for shareholders. Our ADSs will continue to trade on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol "BGNE", and our ordinary shares will continue to trade on the HKEx under the stock code "06160". 
   Vote Required and Board of Directors' Recommendation  
        Approval of Proposal 2 requires the favorable vote of at least a two-thirds majority of the votes cast by the shareholders entitled to vote who are present in person or by proxy at the EGM. Broker non-votes and abstentions with respect to Proposal 2 will not be treated as votes cast for this purpose and, therefore, will not affect the outcome of the vote. 
        The Board of Directors recommends that shareholders vote FOR the adoption of the Restated Articles. Table of Contents
    PROPOSAL 3        GENERAL MANDATE TO ISSUE SHARES         
        In order to give the Company the flexibility to issue ordinary shares and/or ADSs if and when appropriate and in accordance with Rule 13.36 of the HK Listing Rules, the Company proposes an ordinary resolution at the EGM to approve the granting of a share issue mandate to the Board of Directors to issue, allot or deal with unissued ordinary shares and/or ADSs not exceeding 20% of the total number of issued ordinary shares of the Company as at the date of passing of such proposed ordinary resolution (i.e., a total of 154,472,636 ordinary shares on the basis that no further ordinary shares are issued or repurchased before the EGM) up to the next AGM of the Company (the "General Mandate to Issue Shares"). 
        The Board of Directors does not have any current plan to issue any new shares pursuant to the General Mandate to Issue Shares. 
        The adoption of the General Mandate to Issue Shares is not conditioned on the shareholder approval of the Connected Person Placing Authorization described in Proposal 4. 
   Vote Required and Board of Directors' Recommendation  
        Approval of Proposal 3 requires the favorable vote of a simple majority of the votes cast by the shareholders entitled to vote who are present in person or by proxy at the EGM. Broker non-votes and abstentions with respect to Proposal 3 will not be treated as votes cast for this purpose and, therefore, will not affect the outcome of the vote. 
        The Board of Directors recommends that shareholders vote FOR the approval of the General Mandate to Issue Shares. Table of Contents
    PROPOSAL 4        CONNECTED PERSON PLACING AUTHORIZATION         
        As a bio-pharmaceutical company, the Company believes that efficient access to capital on a continuing basis is essential to funding the Company's business plans, and participation in capital raisings by biotech focused funds with deep industry knowledge (such as the Company's existing shareholders, Baker Bros. Advisors LP and Hillhouse Capital Management, Ltd. and parties affiliated with each of them (the "Existing Shareholders")), is often crucial to the success of capital raising transactions. In connection with the Company's listing on the HKEx in August 2018, the Company therefore applied for, and the HKEx granted, a waiver (the "Waiver") from strict compliance with Rule 13.36(1) of the HK Listing Rules and the independent shareholder approval requirements set out in Chapter 14A of the HK Listing Rules in respect of the Connected Person Placing Authorization (as defined below). 
        In order to give the Company the flexibility to issue ordinary shares and/or ADSs to certain connected persons if and when appropriate and to comply with the HK Listing Rules, the Company proposes an ordinary resolution at the EGM to authorize the Company and its underwriters, at their sole discretion, to, in the Company's securities offerings, allocate to each of the Existing Shareholders, up to a maximum amount of shares in order to maintain the same shareholding percentage of each of the Existing Shareholders (based on then-outstanding share capital of the Company) before and after the allocation of the corresponding securities issued pursuant to an offering conducted pursuant to the General Mandate to Issue Shares set forth in Proposal 3 for a period of five years, which period will be subject to an extension on a rolling basis each year, subject to the following conditions: (the "Connected Person Placing Authorization") 
        (1)   the Company will put forward Proposals 3 and 4 to its shareholders in the next general meeting following the HKEx listing, which will be convened within four months after its listing; 
        (2)   the Connected Person Placing Authorization and the shareholder approval of the General Mandate to Issue Shares are not interdependent in that our shareholders may approve the General Mandate to Issue Shares without approving the Connected Person Placing Authorization; 
        (3)   the Existing Shareholders shall abstain from voting on the Connected Person Placing Authorization; 
        (4)   the Connected Person Placing Authorization is only valid to the extent the Existing Shareholders individually hold less than 50% of the then-outstanding share capital of the Company; 
        (5)   any securities issued to the Existing Shareholders in an offering conducted pursuant to the General Mandate to Issue Shares shall be for cash consideration only and not as consideration for any acquisition; 
        (6)   none of the Existing Shareholders shall be entitled to have representatives on the committee of the Board of Directors responsible for determining specific pricing of any offering; 
        (7)   apart from the potential pro rata allocation, the Existing Shareholders will subscribe for securities on the same terms and conditions as all other placees in any offering and neither of the Existing Shareholders shall be entitled to any preferential treatment with respect to any offering conducted; 
        (8)   the Company will put forward Proposals 3 and 4 to its shareholders at each subsequent annual general meeting after its listing on the HKEx; and 
        (9)   the Company remains listed on the NASDAQ.  Table of Contents
        Subject to the conditions above, if the Connected Person Placing Authorization is approved at the EGM, the Company and its underwriters will be able to, in the Company's securities offerings, place a pro rata amount of securities to the Existing Shareholders in connection with issuances of the Company's shares under a general mandate approved by the Company's shareholders, during an initial five-year period after the EGM, with such five-year period subject to an extension on a rolling basis at each subsequent annual general meeting of the Company. Our Board of Directors does not have any current plan to issue any new shares to the Existing Shareholders pursuant to the Connected Person Placing Authorization. 
        As of October 25, 2018, the Existing Shareholders had the following interests or short positions in the shares or underlying shares of the Company as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Ordinance ("SFO"): 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Julian C. Baker(2)   Beneficial interest / Interest in controlled corporations     161,880,677     21.0% 
 Felix J. Baker(2)   Beneficial interest / Interest in controlled corporations     161,880,677     21.0% 
 Baker Bros. Advisors (GP) LLC.(2)   Interest in controlled corporations     161,745,282     21.0% 
 Baker Bros. Advisors LP(2)   Interest in controlled corporations     161,745,282     21.0% 
 Baker Brothers Life Sciences Capital, L.P.(2)   Beneficial interest     145,425,622     18.9% 
 Hillhouse Capital Management Ltd.(3)   Interest in controlled corporations     76,563,367     9.9% 
 Gaoling Fund, L.P.(3)   Beneficial interest     58,995,800     7.7% 
[END TABLE]
 Notes:  Table of Contents
   Vote Required and Board of Directors' Recommendation  
        Approval of Proposal 4 requires the favorable vote of a simple majority of the votes cast by the shareholders entitled to vote who are present in person or by proxy at the EGM and who are not Existing Shareholders. Broker non-votes and abstentions with respect to Proposal 4 will not be treated as votes cast for this purpose and, therefore, will not affect the outcome of the vote. 
        The Board of Directors recommends that shareholders vote FOR the approval of the Connected Person Placing Authorization. Table of Contents
    PROPOSAL 5        APPROVAL OF THE BEIGENE, LTD. SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED 2016 SHARE OPTION AND INCENTIVE PLAN         
   Overview  
        Our Board of Directors believes that share options and other share-based incentive awards play an important role in our success by encouraging and enabling our (and our subsidiaries') employees, officers, non-employee directors and consultants upon whose judgement, initiative and efforts we largely depend for the successful conduct of our business. Our Board of Directors anticipates that providing such persons with a direct equity stake in our Company will assure a closer identification of the interests of such individuals with those of our Company and our shareholders, thereby stimulating their efforts on our behalf and strengthening their desire to remain with our Company. 
        On November 7, 2018, our Board of Directors approved the BeiGene, Ltd. Second Amended and Restated 2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan, subject to shareholder approval (the "2016 Plan", and as amended, the "Second A&R 2016 Plan"). The Second A&R 2016 Plan includes the following key changes: Table of Contents existing Independent Director Compensation Policy, as previously disclosed in our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 8, 2018, with the SEC, independent directors are paid an annual cash retainer of US$50,000 and additional fees for service as a member or chair of each committee of the Board of Directors on which they serve, ranging from US$5,000 to US$22,500 per year, as specified in the policy. Additionally, independent directors are granted equity awards valued at US$300,000 in connection with their initial election or appointment to the Board of Directors, pro-rated in the first year of service, and annual equity awards valued at US$300,000 on the date of each annual meeting of shareholders. Each of the awards consists of one-half stock options and one-half restricted share units ("RSUs"), vesting on the earlier of the first anniversary of date of grant or the date of the next annual meeting of shareholders, and in full upon death, disability or the occurrence of specified events in connection with a change of control of the Company. 
        The Second A&R 2016 Plan was designed to enhance the flexibility of the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors (the "Compensation Committee") in granting share options and other awards to our (and our subsidiaries') officers, employees, non-employee directors and consultants and to ensure that we can continue to grant share options and other awards to such persons at levels determined to be appropriate by the Compensation Committee. In August 2018, in accordance with the HK Listing Rules, our Board of Directors adopted the Amended and Restated 2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan to remove the "evergreen" feature from the 2016 Plan that provided for an automatic annual increase to the number of shares reserved under the 2016 Plan and to make other changes required by the HK Listing Rules. These amendments did not require shareholder approval. 
        The increase of 38,553,159 ordinary shares, or 5% of our outstanding shares as of September 30, 2018, to the aggregate number of shares contemplated by the Second A&R 2016 Plan is intended to approximate the 5% increase that would have been added to the plan on January 1, 2019, had the evergreen remained in place. As the "evergreen" provision was removed, there will not be an automatic increase in the number of shares reserved under the 2016 Plan on January 1, 2019 or in future years. If the Second A&R 2016 Plan is not approved by our shareholders, the existing Amended and Restated 2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan will remain in effect and we currently anticipate that we will exhaust all the shares available for issuance under our 2016 Plan by mid-2019, and such shares could be exhausted sooner as we continue planned increases in headcount to support our business growth. A copy of the Second A&R 2016 Plan is attached to this Proxy Statement as Appendix B and is incorporated herein by reference. 
        If the Second A&R 2016 Plan is approved by our shareholders, the Company will make an application to the HKEx for the listing of the additional shares that will be issued under the Second A&R 2016 Plan. 
        As of December 31, 2017, we have granted options, restricted share units, or RSUs, and restricted shares covering 101,414,629 ordinary shares under our 2016 Plan, of which 6,651,462 share options, nil RSUs and 300,000 restricted shares have expired, terminated or forfeited, and of which 1,667,430 options have been exercised, nil ordinary shares were issued upon settlement of vested RSUs and 268,750 restricted shares were vested. The number of options, RSUs and restricted shares outstanding under the 2016 Plan as of December 31, 2017 was 90,251,295, 1,469,442 and 806,250, respectively, and there were 2,090,472 ordinary shares available for grant under the 2016 Plan, not including any shares that might in the future be added back to the shares available for issuance under the 2016 Plan as a result of forfeiture, cancelation, hold-back, reacquisition, expiration or other termination (other than by exercise).  Table of Contents
        As of September 30, 2018, we have granted options, RSUs and restricted shares covering 120,148,890 ordinary shares under our 2016 Plan, of which 12,552,514 share options, 408,915 RSUs and 418,750 restricted shares have expired or terminated, and of which 9,984,194 options have been exercised, 440,414 ordinary shares were issued upon settlement of vested RSUs and 656,250 restricted shares were vested. The number of options, RSUs and restricted shares outstanding under the 2016 Plan as of September 30, 2018 was 84,826,614; 10,561,239; and 300,000, respectively, and there were 19,646,274 ordinary shares available for grant under the 2016 Plan, not including any shares that might in the future be added back to the shares available for issuance under 2016 Plan as a result of forfeiture, cancelation, hold-back, reacquisition, expiration or other termination (other than by exercise). A total of 771,063,184 ordinary shares were outstanding as of September 30, 2018. The weighted average exercise price of all share options outstanding as of September 30, 2018 under our 2016 Plan was US$4.25. The weighted average remaining life of all share options outstanding as of September 30, 2018 under our 2016 Plan was 8.6 years. 
        As of September 30, 2018, we have granted options and RSUs covering 1,967,459 ordinary shares under our Amended and Restated 2018 Inducement Equity Plan (the "2018 Inducement Plan"), of which nil share options and 21,593 RSUs have expired or terminated, and of which nil options have been exercised and nil ordinary shares were issued upon settlement of vested RSUs. The number of options and RSUs outstanding under the 2018 Inducement Plan as of September 30, 2018 was 79,404; and 1,866,462, respectively, and there were 10,054,134 ordinary shares available for grant under the 2018 Inducement Plan, not including any shares that might in the future be added back to the shares available for issuance under 2018 Inducement Plan as a result of forfeiture, cancellation, hold-back, reacquisition, expiration or other termination (other than by exercise). A total of 771,063,184 ordinary shares were outstanding as of September 30, 2018. The weighted average exercise price of all share options outstanding as of September 30, 2018 under our 2018 Inducement Plan was US$13.66. The weighted average remaining life of all share options outstanding as of September 30, 2018 under our 2018 Inducement Plan was 9.9 years. 
        Proposal 5 seeks shareholder approval of the Second A&R 2016 Plan. 
   SUMMARY OF THE MATERIAL FEATURES OF THE SECOND A&R 2016 PLAN  
        While our Board of Directors is aware of and has considered the potential dilutive effect of additional awards and option grants, it also recognizes the performance and motivational benefits of equity compensation and believes that the 2016 Plan, including the increase in available shares contemplated by the Second A&R 2016 Plan, is consistent with our executive compensation philosophy and the compensatory practices of other biotechnology companies in our peer group. The exercise price of any option grants under the Second A&R 2016 Plan will be at the greater of (x) the fair market value of our ordinary shares on the close of business on the date such option is granted, based on the closing price of our ADSs on the NASDAQ, and (y) the average closing price of our ordinary shares over the preceding five trading days, based on the closing price of our ADSs on the NASDAQ. Furthermore, since our Board of Directors typically grants awards to employees that vest over a four-year period, employees must generally remain with our Company in order to reap the potential benefits of their awards. 
        The following material features of the Second A&R 2016 Plan are designed to protect our shareholders' interests and to reflect corporate governance best practices, including:    Table of Contents 
        Based solely on the closing price of our ADSs as reported by NASDAQ on September 28, 2018 and the maximum number of ordinary shares that would have been available for future awards under  Table of Contents the 2016 Plan as of such date, taking into account the proposed increase described herein, the maximum aggregate market value of the ordinary shares that could potentially be issued under the Second A&R 2016 Plan is US$771,008,181. The ordinary shares underlying any awards under the Second A&R 2016 Plan or the 2011 Plan that are forfeited, cancelled, held back upon exercise or settlement to satisfy the exercise price or tax withholding, reacquired prior to vesting, or are otherwise terminated (other than by exercise) are added back to the ordinary shares available for issuance under the Second A&R 2016 Plan. 
   Rationale for Share Increase  
        Given our increased headcount and our continued efforts to develop and commercialize our product portfolio, which will require further expansion of our organizational structure, the share increase contemplated by the Second A&R 2016 Plan is critical to our ongoing effort to build shareholder value. We currently anticipate that we may exhaust all the shares available for issuance under our 2016 Plan by mid-2019 if the Second A&R 2016 Plan is not approved (and such shares may be exhausted sooner if we continue to increase the size of our organization, including increases in headcount). 
        In August 2018, in accordance with the HK Listing Rules, we removed the "evergreen" feature that provided for an automatic annual increase of 5% of our outstanding ordinary shares to the number of shares reserved under the 2016 Plan. The increase of 38,553,159 shares, or 5% of our outstanding shares as of September 30, 2018, to the aggregate number of shares contemplated by the Second A&R 2016 Plan is intended to approximate the 5% increase that would have been added on January 1, 2019, had the evergreen remained in place. As the "evergreen" provision was removed, there will not be an automatic increase in the number of shares reserved under the 2016 Plan on January 1, 2019 or in future years. 
        Our equity incentive program is broad-based and equity incentive awards are also an important component of our executive and non-executive employees' compensation. We operate in an industry and in geographies where there is an incredibly competitive market for the hiring and retention of a talented workforce, which we believe is critical for our success. Our Compensation Committee and Board of Directors believe that we must continue to offer a competitive equity compensation program in order to attract, retain and motivate the talented and qualified employees necessary for our continued growth and success. 
        We attempt to manage our long-term shareholder dilution by limiting the number of equity incentive awards granted annually. The Compensation Committee carefully monitors our annual net burn rate, total dilution, and equity expense in order to maximize shareholder value by granting only the appropriate number of equity incentive awards that it believes is necessary to attract, reward, and retain employees. Our "burn rate", as detailed below, has been higher than some of our peers in recent years due to the tremendous growth in our employee workforce, which increased from approximately 321 employees in 2016 to over 1,700 employees today. Our compensation philosophy reflects broad-based eligibility for equity incentive awards, and we grant awards to substantially all of our employees. By doing so, we link employee interests with shareholder interests throughout the organization and motivate our employees to act as owners of the business. 
   Employee Growth  
        Since the beginning of 2016, our employee workforce has increased by approximately 885%, from 192 employees at December 31, 2015 to more than 1,700 employees as of September 30, 2018. Given that we grant equity awards to substantially all of our employees, this has substantially stressed the  Table of Contents availability of shares under our equity plans. The following table sets forth the increase in the number of employees for each of the last two fiscal years: 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Number of Employees (beginning of year)     321     192   
 Number of Employees (end of year)     900     321   
 Total Number of New Employees (net)      579     129   
 Percentage Increase     280.1%   167.2% 
[END TABLE]
   Burn Rate  
        The following table sets forth information regarding historical awards granted and earned for the 2016 and 2017 period, and the corresponding burn rate, which is defined as the number of shares subject to certain equity-based awards granted in a year divided by the weighted average ordinary shares outstanding for that year, for each of the last two fiscal years: 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Share Options Granted     62,085,462     38,921,219   
 Time-Based Full-Value Shares and Units Granted     1,769,442     1,075,000   
 Total Awards Granted(1)      63,854,904     39,996,219   
 Weighted average ordinary shares outstanding during the fiscal year     543,185,460     403,619,446   
 Annual Burn Rate     11.8%   9.9% 
 Two-Year Average Burn Rate           11.0%     
[END TABLE]
        If the Second A&R 2016 Plan, including the request to increase the share reserve by an additional 38,553,159 ordinary shares, is approved by shareholders, we will have approximately 58,199,433 ordinary shares available for grant after the EGM, which is based on 19,646,274 ordinary shares available for grant under the 2016 Plan at September 30, 2018 and the 38,553,159 shares subject to this proposal. Our Compensation Committee determined the size of the requested share increase based on projected equity awards to anticipated new hires, projected annual equity awards in 2019 to existing employees, and an assessment of the magnitude of increase that our shareholders would likely find acceptable. We anticipate that if our request to increase the share reserve is approved by shareholders, it will be sufficient to provide equity incentives to attract, retain, and motivate our employees through mid-2020, although it is possible that we will exhaust the share pool sooner if we continue to expand our workforce to support our growing business at a rate higher than we currently expect. 
   Summary of the Second A&R 2016 Plan  
        The following is a summary of certain significant features of the Second A&R 2016 Plan. This summary is subject to the specific provisions contained in the full text of the Second A&R 2016 Plan set forth in Appendix B to this Proxy Statement. 
        The Second A&R 2016 Plan provides us with flexibility to use various equity-based incentive and other awards as compensation tools to motivate our workforce. These tools include share options, share appreciation rights, restricted shares, restricted share units, unrestricted shares, and dividend equivalent rights. 
        The ordinary shares we issue pursuant to awards granted under the Second A&R 2016 Plan are authorized but unissued ordinary shares or ordinary shares that we reacquire. Subject to certain  Table of Contents limitations, the ordinary shares underlying any awards that are forfeited, cancelled, held back upon exercise or settlement of an award to satisfy the exercise price or tax withholding, reacquired by us prior to vesting, satisfied without any issuance of ordinary shares, or are otherwise terminated (other than by exercise) under the Second A&R 2016 Plan and the 2011 Plan will be added back to the ordinary shares available for issuance under the Second A&R 2016 Plan. 
        The Second A&R 2016 Plan is administered by the Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee has full power to select, from among the individuals eligible for awards, the individuals to whom awards will be granted, to make any combination of awards to participants, and to determine the specific terms and conditions of each award, subject to the provisions of the Second A&R 2016 Plan. Full and part-time officers, employees, non-employee directors and other key persons (including consultants) as selected from time to time by the Compensation Committee are eligible to participate in the Second A&R 2016 Plan. As of September 30, 2018, approximately 1,276 individuals were eligible to participate in the Second A&R 2016 Plan, which included five executive officers, 1,262 employees who are not officers, and eight non-employee directors. The Compensation Committee may delegate to the chairman of the Compensation Committee all or part of the Compensation Committee's authority and duties with respect to granting awards and to our chief executive officer or chief financial officer the authority to grant awards to employees who are not subject to the reporting and other provisions of Section 16 of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act. 
        The Second A&R 2016 Plan permits the granting of options to purchase ordinary shares that are not intended to qualify as incentive share options under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code, as amended ("the Code"). The exercise price of each share option will be determined by the Compensation Committee but may not be less than the higher of (i) the fair market value of our ordinary shares on the date of grant and (ii) the average fair market value of the ordinary shares for the five business days immediately preceding the date of grant, each as determined by reference to the closing price of our ADSs on the NASDAQ. The term of each share option will be fixed by the Compensation Committee and may not exceed 10 years from the date of grant. The Compensation Committee will determine at what time or times each option may be exercised. 
        The Compensation Committee may award share appreciation rights subject to such conditions and restrictions as it may determine. Share appreciation rights entitle the recipient to ordinary shares, or cash, equal to the value of the appreciation in our share price over the exercise price. The exercise price of each share appreciation right may not be less than 100% of fair market value of the shares on the date of grant to a grantee who is subject to U.S. tax. 
        The Compensation Committee may award restricted shares or restricted share units to participants subject to such conditions and restrictions as it may determine. These conditions and restrictions may include the achievement of certain performance goals and/or continued employment or service with us through a specified vesting period. The Compensation Committee may also grant ordinary shares that are free from any restrictions under the Second A&R 2016 Plan. Unrestricted ordinary shares may be granted to participants in recognition of past services or for other valid consideration and may be issued in lieu of cash compensation due to such participant. 
        The Compensation Committee may grant dividend equivalent rights to participants that entitle the recipient to receive credits for dividends that would be paid if the recipient held a specified number of ordinary shares. 
        The Second A&R 2016 Plan provides that, upon the effectiveness, of a "sale event," as defined in the Second A&R 2016 Plan, the successor entity may assume, continue or substitute for outstanding awards, as appropriately adjusted. To the extent that awards are not assumed or continued or substituted by the successor entity, all awards granted under the Second A&R 2016 Plan shall terminate. In connection with such termination, all options and share appreciation rights shall become fully exercisable and all other awards with time-based vesting conditions will become fully vested and  Table of Contents all awards with performance conditions may become fully vested. In addition, in connection with the termination of the Second A&R 2016 Plan upon a sale event, we may make or provide for a cash payment to participants holding options and share appreciation rights, equal to the difference between the per share cash consideration payable to shareholders in the sale event and the exercise price of the options or share appreciation rights and we may make or provide for a similar payment to participants under other awards. 
        The Board of Directors may amend or discontinue the Second A&R 2016 Plan and the Compensation Committee may amend or cancel outstanding awards for purposes of satisfying changes in law or any other lawful purpose, but no such action may adversely affect rights under an award without the holder's consent. Certain amendments to the Second A&R 2016 Plan, such as any increase to the number of ordinary shares that may be made available for awards, may require the approval of our shareholders. 
        The Board of Directors approved the Second A&R 2016 Plan on November 7, 2018, and the Second A&R 2016 Plan shall become effective on the date it is approved by shareholders. No awards may be granted under the Second A&R 2016 Plan after November 7, 2028. If the Second A&R 2016 Plan is not approved by shareholders, the 2016 Plan will continue in effect until it expires, and awards may be granted thereunder, in accordance with its terms. 
   NEW PLAN BENEFITS  
        Because the grant of awards under the Second A&R 2016 Plan is within the discretion of the Compensation Committee, we cannot determine the dollar value or number of ordinary shares that will in the future be received by or allocated to any participant in the Second A&R 2016 Plan. Accordingly, in lieu of providing information regarding benefits that will be received under the Second A&R 2016 Plan, the following table provides information concerning the benefits that were received by the following persons and groups during 2017: each named executive officer; all current executive officers, as a group; all current directors who are not executive officers, as a group; and all employees who are not executive officers, as a group. 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 John V. Oyler, Founder, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman     7.70     935,000     3,963,123     515,000   
 Howard Liang, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Strategy Officer     3.46     1,250,000     —     —   
 Amy Peterson, Chief Medical Officer, Immuno-oncology     3.49     1,016,178     —     —   
 Jane Huang, Chief Medical Officer, Hematology     3.49     980,465     —     —   
 Ji Li, Former Executive Vice President, Global Head of Business Development(3)     3.49     750,000     —     —   
 All current executive officers, as a group     4.28     4,931,643     3,963,123     515,000   
 All current non-employee directors, as a group     2.93     1,889,944     3,155,108     410,000   
 All employees who are not executive officers, as a group     3.73     54,818,443     3,979,091     544,442   
[END TABLE]
 Table of Contents
   Equity Compensation Plan Information  
        The following table contains information about our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2017. 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders     91,720,736 (1)    US$ 3.27     2,090,472 (2) 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders     36,751,603 (3)   0.43     — (4)  
 Total     128,472,339     —     2,090,472   
[END TABLE]
 Table of Contents
        The following table contains information about our equity compensation plans as of September 30, 2018. 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders     95,387,853 (1)    US$ 4.25     23,146,274 (2) 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders     36,166,110 (3)   0.46     10,054,134 (4)  
 Total     131,553,963     —     33,200,408   
[END TABLE]
   Tax Aspects Under the U.S. Code  
        The following is a summary of the principal U.S. federal income tax consequences of certain transactions under the Second A&R 2016 Plan. It describes the consequences based on U.S. federal laws in effect as of the date of mailing of this proxy statement. This summary does not describe all U.S. federal tax consequences under the Second A&R 2016 Plan, nor does it describe foreign, state or local tax consequences. 
         Share Options.    No income is realized by the optionee at the time the option is granted. Generally (i) at exercise, ordinary income is realized by the optionee in an amount equal to the difference  Table of Contents between the option price and the fair market value of the ordinary shares on the date of exercise, and the Company receives a tax deduction for the same amount, and (ii) at disposition, appreciation or depreciation after the date of exercise is treated as either short-term or long-term capital gain or loss depending on how long the ordinary shares have been held. Upon exercise, the optionee will also be subject to Social Security taxes on the excess of the fair market value over the exercise price of the option. 
        Other Awards.    The Company generally will be entitled to a tax deduction in connection with an award under the Second A&R 2016 Plan in an amount equal to the ordinary income realized by the participant at the time the participant recognizes such income. Participants typically are subject to income tax and recognize such tax at the time that an award is exercised, vests or becomes non-forfeitable, unless the award provides for a further deferral. 
         Parachute Payments.    The vesting of any portion of an option or other award that is accelerated due to the occurrence of a change of control may cause a portion of the payments with respect to such accelerated awards to be treated as "parachute payments" as defined in the Code. Any such parachute payments may be non-deductible to the Company, in whole or in part, and may subject the recipient to a non-deductible 20% federal excise tax on all or a portion of such payment (in addition to other taxes ordinarily payable). 
         Limitation on Deductions.    Under Section 162(m) of the Code, assuming that such section were applicable, the Company's deduction for certain awards under the Second A&R 2016 Plan may be limited to the extent that any "covered employee" (within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code) receives compensation in excess of US$1 million a year. 
   Vote Required and Board of Directors' Recommendation  
        The approval of Proposal 5 requires the favorable vote of a simple majority of the votes cast by the shareholders entitled to vote who are present in person or by proxy. Broker non-votes and abstentions with respect to Proposal 5 will not be treated as votes cast for this purpose and, therefore, will not affect the outcome of the vote. 
        The Board of Directors recommends that shareholders vote FOR approval of the BeiGene, Ltd. Second Amended and Restated 2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan. Table of Contents 
    PROPOSAL 6        APPROVAL OF THE BEIGENE, LTD. SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED 2018 EMPLOYEE   SHARE PURCHASE PLAN         
   General  
        On November 7, 2018, our Board of Directors approved the BeiGene, Ltd. Second Amended and Restated 2018 Employee Share Purchase Plan (the "Second A&R 2018 ESPP"), subject to shareholder approval. We are seeking shareholder approval of the Second A&R 2018 ESPP to increase the maximum number of ordinary shares that will be made available for sale thereunder by 3,855,315 shares, or 0.5% of our outstanding shares as of September 30, 2018. When the BeiGene, Ltd. 2018 Employee Share Purchase Plan (the "2018 ESPP") was adopted and approved by our stockholders in June 2018, the 2018 ESPP had a maximum number of shares available for sale of 3,500,000 ordinary shares. As of September 30, 2018, 3,500,000 ordinary shares remained available for future issuance under the 2018 ESPP, as the first offering period commenced on September 4, 2018 and has not yet been completed. 
        In August 2018, in accordance with the HK Listing Rules, our Board of Directors adopted theAmended and Restated 2018 Employee Share Purchase Plan to remove the "evergreen" feature from the 2018 ESPP that provided for an automatic annual increase of 0.5% of our outstanding ordinary shares to the number of shares reserved under the 2018 ESPP and to make other changes required by the HK Listing Rules. These amendments did not require shareholder approval. The increase to the aggregate number of shares contemplated by the Second A&R 2018 ESPP is intended to approximate the 0.5% increase that would have been added on January 1, 2019, had the evergreen remained in place. As the "evergreen" provision was removed, there will not be an automatic increase to the number of shares reserved under the 2018 ESPP on January 1, 2019 or in future years. 
        Our Board of Directors believes it is in the best interests of the Company and our shareholders to continue to provide our employees with the opportunity to acquire an ownership interest in the Company through their participation in the Second A&R 2018 ESPP, encouraging them to remain in our employ and more closely aligning their interests with those of our shareholders. 
        The Second A&R 2018 ESPP, which is a discretionary employee share purchase scheme of the Company and does not involve the grant of incentive options over new ordinary shares or other new securities issued by the Company, does not constitute a share option scheme as defined in Chapter 17 of the HK Listing Rules. 
        The following summary of certain major features of the Second A&R 2018 ESPP is subject to the specific provisions contained in the full text of the Second A&R 2018 ESPP set forth in  Appendix C to this Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
        Our Board of Directors believes it is in the best interest of the Company and our shareholders that the Second A&R 2018 ESPP be approved. Shareholders are requested in this Proposal 6 to approve the Second A&R 2018 ESPP. If the Second A&R 2018 ESPP is not approved by shareholders, the existing Amended and Restated 2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan will remain in effect, and it is possible that we would need to terminate the plan if additional shares are not authorized by shareholders prior to exhausting the current authorization. 
        The Second A&R 2018 ESPP allows eligible employees to purchase our ordinary shares (including in the form of ADSs) at a 15% discount to the market price of our ordinary shares or ADSs. Employees purchase our ordinary shares or ADSs at the end of an offering period using funds deducted from their payroll during the offering period. The Second A&R 2018 ESPP is an important component of the benefits package that we offer to our employees. We believe that it is a key factor in  Table of Contents retaining existing employees, recruiting and retaining new employees and aligning and increasing the interest of all employees in our success. 
        If the Second A&R 2018 ESPP is approved by our shareholders, the Company will make an application to the HKEx for the listing of the additional shares that will be issued under the Second A&R 2018 ESPP. 
   Summary of the Second A&R 2018 ESPP  
         Administration.    The Second A&R 2018 ESPP is administered under the direction of the Compensation Committee, which has authority to interpret the provisions of the Second A&R 2018 ESPP and to make all other determinations necessary or advisable in administering it. 
         Eligibility.    All employees of the Company and participating subsidiaries who have completed at least six months of employment at the beginning of each offering period are eligible to participate in the Second A&R 2018 ESPP, other than employees who would own 5% or more of the voting power of our ordinary shares after exercising their rights to purchase shares under the Second A&R 2018 ESPP. As of September 30, 2018, approximately 971 employees would have been eligible to participate in the Second A&R 2018 ESPP. 
        Shares Available for Issuance.    Assuming the Second A&R 2018 ESPP is approved by our shareholders at the EGM, 7,355,315 ordinary shares will be available for issuance under the Second A&R 2018 ESPP. 
         Participation.    To participate in the Second A&R 2018 ESPP, an eligible employee authorizes payroll deductions in an amount not less than 1% nor greater than 10% of his or her "eligible earnings" (i.e. , gross cash compensation, including regular base pay (including overtime pay and commissions, to the extent determined by the Compensation Committee), but excluding incentive or bonus awards, allowances and reimbursements for expenses such as relocation allowances or travel expenses, income or gain on the exercise of share options, and similar items) for each full payroll period in the offering period. To ensure that U.S. Internal Revenue Service share limitations are not exceeded, no individual participant may be granted the right under the 2018 ESPP to purchase ordinary shares (including in the form of ADSs) that accrues at a rate which exceeds US$25,000 of fair market value of such shares for any calendar year, determined as of the grant date. 
         Purchases.    Eligible employees enroll in an offering period (which generally will begin on each March 1 and September 1 and last for six months unless otherwise determined by our Compensation Committee in advance) during the open enrollment period prior to the start of that offering period. 
        Shares are purchased at a price equal to 85% of the fair market value of our ordinary shares on either the first business day of the offering period or the last business day of the offering period, whichever is lower. The closing price of our ADSs on October 25, 2018, as quoted on the NASDAQ was US$113.81 per ADS, or US$8.75 per ordinary share. 
         Termination of Employment.    If a participating employee voluntarily resigns or is terminated by us prior to the last day of an offering period, the employee's option to purchase terminates and the cash amount in the employee's account is returned to the employee. 
        Adjustments Upon Change in Capitalization.    In the event of a recapitalization, reclassification, share split, reverse split, combination of shares, exchange of shares, share dividend, or similar event, the number and kind of shares that may be purchased under the Second A&R 2018 ESPP will be adjusted proportionately such that the proportionate interest of participating employees remains the same, to the extent practicable. In the event of a change in control, each outstanding option will be assumed or an equivalent option will be substituted. In the event outstanding options are not assumed  Table of Contents or substituted, the offering period with respect to which such outstanding option relates will be shortened by setting a new exercise date prior to the date of the change in control. 
         Participation Adjustment.    If the number of unsold shares that are available for purchase under the Second A&R 2018 ESPP is insufficient to permit exercise of all rights deemed exercised by all participating employees, a participation adjustment will be made, and the number of shares purchasable by all participating employees will be reduced proportionately. Any funds remaining in a participating employee's account after such exercise are refunded to the employee, without interest. 
         Amendment.    Our Board of Directors may amend the Second A&R 2018 ESPP at any time and in any respect. However, without the approval of our shareholders, no amendment may (i) increase the number of shares that may be issued under the Second A&R 2018 ESPP or (ii) change the class of employees eligible to receive options under the 2018 ESPP, if such action would be treated as the adoption of a new plan for purposes of Section 423(b) of the Internal Revenue Code. 
        Termination.    Our Board of Directors may terminate the Second A&R 2018 ESPP at any time and for any reason or for no reason. 
         U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences.    The Second A&R 2018 ESPP, and the rights of participating employees to make purchases thereunder, is intended to qualify for treatment under the provisions of Sections 421 and 423 of the Internal Revenue Code. Under these provisions, no income will be taxable to a participant until the shares purchased under the Second A&R 2018 ESPP are sold or otherwise disposed of. 
        Upon sale or other disposition of the shares, the participant will generally be subject to tax and the amount of the tax will depend upon the holding period. If the shares are sold or otherwise disposed of more than two years from the first day of the relevant offering period (and more than one year from the date the shares are purchased), then the participant generally will recognize ordinary income measured as the lesser of: 
        Any additional gain will be treated as long-term capital gain. 
        If the shares are sold or otherwise disposed of before the expiration of this holding period, the participant will recognize ordinary income generally measured as the excess of the fair market value of the shares on the date the shares are purchased over the purchase price. Any additional gain or loss on such sale or disposition will be long-term or short-term capital gain or loss, depending on the holding period. 
        We are not entitled to a deduction for amounts taxed as ordinary income or capital gain to a participant except to the extent ordinary income is recognized by participants upon a sale or disposition of shares prior to the expiration of the holding period(s) described above. In all other cases, no deduction is allowed to us. 
        The foregoing tax discussion is a general description of certain expected U.S. federal income tax results under current law. No attempt has been made to address any state, local, foreign or estate and gift tax consequences that may arise in connection with participation in the Second A&R 2018 ESPP. 
        New Plan Benefits.    Participation in the Second A&R 2018 ESPP is at the election of each eligible employee and the amounts received by a participant under the Second A&R 2018 ESPP depend on the fair market value of our ordinary shares and ADSs on future dates. Therefore, the benefits or number  Table of Contents of ordinary shares or ADSs that will be received by any participant if the Second A&R 2018 ESPP is approved are not currently determinable. 
   Vote Required and Board of Directors' Recommendation  
        Approval of Proposal 6 requires the favorable vote of a simple majority of the votes cast by the shareholders entitled to vote who are present in person or by proxy at the EGM. Broker non-votes and abstentions with respect to Proposal 6 will not be treated as votes cast for this purpose and, therefore, will not affect the outcome of the vote. 
        The Board of Directors recommends that shareholders vote FOR approval of the BeiGene, Ltd. Second Amended and Restated 2018 Employee Share Purchase Plan. Table of Contents
    TRANSACTION OF OTHER BUSINESS         
        The Board of Directors knows of no other matters that will be presented for consideration at the EGM as of the date of this Proxy Statement. If any other matters are properly brought before the EGM, the person(s) named in the accompanying proxy intend to vote on such matters in accordance with their best judgement.  Table of Contents
    SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT         
        The following table sets forth certain information known to us regarding beneficial ownership of our share capital as of October 25, 2018, by:
        Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. Except as noted by footnote, and subject to community property laws where applicable, we believe based on the information provided to us that the persons and entities named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all securities shown as beneficially owned by them. 
        The table lists applicable percentage ownership based on 771,063,184 ordinary shares outstanding as of October 25, 2018 and also lists applicable percentage ownership. Any options to purchase ordinary shares that are exercisable and RSUs that will vest within 60 days of October 25, 2018 are deemed to be beneficially owned by the persons holding these options and RSUs for the purpose of computing percentage ownership of such persons, but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing any other person's ownership percentage. Beneficial ownership representing less than 1% is denoted with an asterisk (*).  Table of Contents
        Unless otherwise noted below, the address of each person listed on the table is: c/o Mourant Governance Services (Cayman) Limited, 94 Solaris Avenue, Camana Bay, Grand Cayman KY1-1108, Cayman Islands. 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 5% or Greater Shareholders               
 Entities affiliated with Baker Bros. Advisors LP(1)     161,513,646     20.9% 
 FMR LLC(2)     77,169,208     10.0   
 Entities affiliated with Hillhouse Capital Management, Ltd.(3)     76,563,367     9.9   
 Entities affiliated with Wellington Management Group LLP(4)     45,405,027     5.9   
 Named Executive Officers and Directors               
 John V. Oyler(5)     73,513,974     9.4% 
 Xiaobin Wu(6)     277,745     *   
 Howard Liang(7)     5,093,314     *   
 Amy Peterson(8)     1,409,894     *   
 Jane Huang(9)     1,300,127     *   
 Ji Li(10)     237,833     *   
 Timothy Chen(11)     477,072     *   
 Donald W. Glazer(12)     4,406,466     *   
 Michael Goller(13)     66,664     *   
 Ranjeev Krishana(14)     66,664     *   
 Thomas Malley(15)     928,488     *   
 Jing-Shyh (Sam) Su     —     —   
 Xiaodong Wang(16)     17,864,064     2.3   
 Qingqing Yi(17)     66,664     *   
 All Directors and Executive Officers as a Group (13 persons)(18)     105,471,136     13.3% 
[END TABLE]
 Table of Contents members of the Johnson family may be deemed, under the Investment Company Act of 1940, to form a controlling group with respect to FMR LLC. Neither FMR LLC nor Abigail P. Johnson has the sole power to vote or direct the voting of the shares owned directly by the various investment companies registered under the Investment Company Act ("Fidelity Funds") advised by Fidelity Management & Research Company, a wholly owned subsidiary of FMR LLC, which power resides with the Fidelity Funds' Boards of Trustees. Fidelity Management & Research Company carries out the voting of the shares under written guidelines established by the Fidelity Funds' Boards of Trustees. The address for FMR LLC is 245 Summer Street, Boston, MA 02210.  Table of Contents Table of Contents
    DELIVERY OF PROXY MATERIALS         
        Copies of this Proxy Statement are available from the Company without charge upon written request of a shareholder. Copies of this Proxy Statement are also available online through the SEC at www.sec.gov and on our website at www.beigene.com under "Investors—NASDAQ investors" and "—HKEX investors." The Company may satisfy SEC rules regarding delivery of proxy materials, including this Proxy Statement, by delivering a single set of proxy materials to an address shared by two or more Company shareholders. This delivery method can result in meaningful cost savings for the Company. In order to take advantage of this opportunity, the Company may deliver only a single set of proxy materials to multiple shareholders who share an address, unless contrary instructions are received prior to the mailing date. Similarly, if you share an address with another shareholder and have received multiple copies of our proxy materials, you may write or call us at the address and phone number below to request delivery of a single copy of the proxy materials in the future. We undertake to deliver promptly upon written or oral request a separate copy of the proxy materials, as requested, to a shareholder at a shared address to which a single copy of the proxy materials was delivered. If you hold ordinary shares as a record shareholder and prefer to receive separate copies of proxy materials either now or in the future, please contact the Company's investor relations department at BeiGene, Ltd., c/o BeiGene USA, Inc., 55 Cambridge Parkway, Suite 700W, Cambridge, MA 02142. If you hold ordinary shares in the form of ADSs through the Depositary or hold ordinary shares through a brokerage firm or bank and you prefer to receive separate copies of proxy materials either now or in the future, please contact the Depositary, your brokerage firm or bank, as applicable. 
EACH SHAREHOLDER IS URGED TO COMPLETE, DATE, SIGN  AND PROMPTLY RETURN THE ENCLOSED PROXY CARD. Table of Contents 
    Appendix A         
     THE COMPANIES LAW (2013 REVISIONAS AMENDED) OF THE              CAYMAN ISLANDS COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES FOURTH FIFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED              MEMORANDUM AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION              OF              BEIGENE, LTD.      
(Adopted by special resolution passed on January 14, 2016 and effective on February 8, 2016 immediately prior to the completion of the Company's initial public offering of its ordinary shares represented by American Depositary Shares, December 7, 2018)  
A-1
Table of Contents
       THE COMPANIES LAW (2013 REVISIONAS AMENDED) OF THE              CAYMAN ISLANDS COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES FOURTH FIFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED              MEMORANDUM OF ASSOCIATION              OF              BEIGENE, LTD.         
(Adopted by special resolution passed on January 14, 2016 and effective on February 8, 2016 immediately prior to the completion of the Company's initial public offering of its ordinary shares represented by American Depositary SharesDecember 7, 2018) 
.  
A-2
Table of Contents
    THE COMPANIES LAW (2013 REVISIONAS AMENDED) OF              THE CAYMAN ISLANDS COMPANY LIMITED              BY SHARES              FOURTHFIFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION              OF              BEIGENE, LTD.         
(Adopted by special resolution passed on January 14, 2016 and effective on February 8, 2016 immediately prior to the completion of the Company's initial public offering of its ordinary shares represented by American Depositary SharesDecember 7, 2018) 
    INTERPRETATION         
[BEGIN TABLE]
 ADS   means an American Depositary Share representing the Ordinary Shares. 
 Articles    means these articles of association of the Company as amended from time to time. 
 Articles Effectiveness Date    means February 8, 2016, the date upon which these Articles become effective. 
 Auditor    means the person for the time being performing the duties of auditor of the Company (if any). 
 Board or Board of Directors or Directors    means the directors of the Company for the time being, or as the case may be, the directors assembled as a board or as a committee  thereof. 
 Cayman Islands    means the Cayman Islands, a British Overseas Territory. 
 Chairman    means the chairman of the Board. 
 Class or Classes    means any class or classes of Shares as may from time to time be issued by the Company. 
 Class I    means the group of Directors that serves until the first annual general meeting following the Articles Effectiveness Date  and for each successive three year term thereafter. 
 Class II    means the group of Directors that serves until the second annual general meeting following the Articles Effectiveness Date  and for each successive three year term thereafter. 
 Class III    means the group of Directors that serves until the third annual general meeting following the Articles Effectiveness Date  and for each successive three year term thereafter. 
 Commission    means the United States of America Securities and Exchange Commission or any other federal agency for the time being administering the  Securities Act. 
[END TABLE]
A-3
Table of Contents
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Company    means the above named company. 
 Company's Website    means the main corporate and investor relations website of the Company, the address or domain name of which has been notified to  Members. 
 Designated Stock Exchanges    means The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC in the United States for so long as the Company's Shares or ADSs are there listed, The Hong Kong  Stock Exchange Limited for so long as the Company's Shares or ADSs are there listed and any other stock exchange on which the Company's Shares or ADSs are listed for trading. 
 Designated Stock Exchange Rules    means the relevant code, rules and regulations, as amended, from time to time, applicable as a result of the original and continued listing  of any Shares or ADSs on the Designated Stock Exchanges. 
 Directors    means the directors for the time being of the Company. 
 Effectiveness Date    means February 8, 2016. 
 Electronic Record    has the same meaning as in the Electronic Transactions Law. 
 electronic communication    means electronic posting to the Company's Website, transmission to any number, address or internet website or other electronic delivery  methods as otherwise decided and approved upon by vote of the Board of Directors. 
 Electronic Transactions Law    means the Electronic Transactions Law of the Cayman Islands, as amended from time to time. 
 Indemnified Person    means every Director (including any alternate Director appointed pursuant to the provisions of these Articles), Secretary, assistant  secretary, or other officer for the time being and from time to time of the Company (but not including the Company's Auditors) and the personal representatives of the same. 
 Independent Director    means a Director who is an independent director defined in the Designated Stock Exchange Rules as determined by the Board of  Directors. 
 Interested Director    means a Director who has a direct or indirect interest in any contract, business or arrangement in which the Company or its affiliates is a  party or becomes a party to. 
 Law    means the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands as amended from time to time. 
 Member    has the same meaning as in the Law. 
 Memorandum    means the memorandum of association of the Company, as amended from time to time. 
 month    means calendar month. 
[END TABLE]
A-4
Table of Contents
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Ordinary Resolution    means a resolution: 
     (a)    passed by a simple majority of the votes cast by Members who, being entitled to do so, vote in person or, where proxies are  allowed, by proxy at a general meeting of the Company, and in computing a majority, regard shall be had to the number of votes to which each Member is entitled; or 
     (b)    approved in writing by all of the Members entitled to vote at a general meeting of the Company in one or more instruments  each signed by one or more of the Members and the effective date of the resolution so adopted shall be the date on which the instrument, or the last of such instruments, if more than one, is executed. 
 Ordinary Share    means an ordinary share of US$0.0001 par value each, in the capital of the Company having the rights, benefits and privileges set out in  these Articles. 
 paid up    means paid up as to the par value in respect of the issue of any Shares and includes credited as paid up. 
 Person    means any natural person, firm, company, joint venture, partnership, corporation, association or other entity (whether or not having a  separate legal personality) or any of them as the context so requires. 
 Register of Members    means the register of Members maintained in accordance with the Law and includes (except where otherwise stated) any duplicate register of  Members. 
 Registered Office    means the registered office for the time being of the Company. 
 Seal    means the common seal of the Company (if adopted) and includes every duplicate seal. 
 Secretary    means any Person appointed by the Directors to perform any of the duties of the secretary of the Company. 
 Securities Act    means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or any similar federal statute and the rules and regulations of the Commission  thereunder, all as the same shall be in effect at the time. 
 Share    means a share in the Company and includes a fraction of a share in the Company. 
 Share Premium Account    means the share premium account established in accordance with these Articles and the Companies Law. 
 signed    means bearing a signature or representation of a signature affixed by mechanical means or an electronic symbol or process attached to or  logically associated with an electronic communication and executed or adopted by a person with the intent to sign the electronic communication. 
[END TABLE]
A-5
Table of Contents
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Share    means a share in the Company and includes a fraction of a share in the Company. 
 Share Premium Account    means the share premium account established in accordance with these Articles and the Companies Law. 
 Special Resolution    means a special resolution of the Company passed in accordance with the Law, being a resolution: 
     (a)    passed by a majority of at least two-thirds of such Members as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or, where proxies  are allowed, by proxy at a general meeting of the Company of which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been duly given, regard being had in computing a majority to the number of votes to which each  Member is entitled; or 
     (b)    approved in writing by all of the Members entitled to vote at a general meeting of the Company in one or more instruments  each signed by one or more of the Members and the effective date of the Special Resolution so adopted shall be the date on which the instrument or the last of such instruments, if more than one, is executed. 
 Treasury Share    means a Share held in the name of the Company as a treasury share in accordance with the Law. 
 United States    means the United States of America, its territories, its possessions and all areas subject to its jurisdiction. 
 year    means calendar year. 
[END TABLE]
A-6
Table of Contents 
    PRELIMINARY         
    SHARES         
A-7
Table of Contents
A-8
Table of Contents
    MODIFICATION OF RIGHTS         
    CERTIFICATES         
A-9
Table of Contents
    FRACTIONAL SHARES         
    LIEN         
    CALLS ON SHARES         
A-10
Table of Contents
Members at least 14 days prior to the specified time of payment, and each Member shall pay to the Company at the time or times so specified the amount called on such Shares.  
    FORFEITURE OF SHARES         
A-11
Table of Contents 
    TRANSFER OF SHARES         
A-12
Table of Contents date on which the instrument of transfer was lodged with the Company send to each of the transferor and the transferee notice of the refusal. 
    TRANSMISSION OF SHARES         
    REGISTRATION OF EMPOWERING INSTRUMENTS         
    ALTERATION OF SHARE CAPITAL         
A-13
Table of Contents
    REDEMPTION, PURCHASE AND SURRENDER OF SHARES         
    TREASURY SHARES         
    GENERAL MEETINGS         
A-14
Table of Contents such of the issued Shares of the Company as at that date of the deposit carries the right of voting at general meetings of the Company.  
    NOTICE OF GENERAL MEETINGS         
A-15
Table of Contents
    PROCEEDINGS AT GENERAL MEETINGS         
A-16
Table of Contents
    VOTES OF MEMBERS         
A-17
Table of Contents 
    CORPORATIONS ACTING BY REPRESENTATIVES AT MEETINGS         
    DEPOSITARY AND CLEARING HOUSES         
A-18
Table of Contents the same powers on behalf of the recognised clearing house (or its nominee(s)) or depositary (or its nominee(s)) which he represents as that recognised clearing house (or its nominee(s)) or depositary (or its nominee(s)) could exercise if it were an individual Member holding the number and Class of Shares specified in such authorisation. 
    DIRECTORS         
A-19
Table of Contents
    ALTERNATE DIRECTORS         
    POWERS AND DUTIES OF DIRECTORS         
A-20
Table of Contents
    BORROWING POWERS OF DIRECTORS         
    THE SEAL         
A-21
Table of Contents
    DISQUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS         
    PROCEEDINGS OF DIRECTORS         
A-22
Table of Contents member of any specified company or firm and is to be regarded as interested in any contract or transaction which may thereafter be made with that company or firm shall be deemed a sufficient declaration of interest in regard to any contract so made or transaction so consummated. Subject to the Designated Stock Exchange Rules and disqualification by the chairman of the relevant Board meeting, an Interested Director may vote in respect of any contract or transaction or proposed contract or transaction notwithstanding that he may be interested therein and if he does so his vote shall be counted and he may be counted in the quorum at any meeting of the Directors at which any such contract or transaction or proposed contract or transaction shall come before the meeting for consideration.  
A-23
Table of Contents
    PRESUMPTION OF ASSENT         
    DIVIDENDS         
A-24
Table of Contents 
    ACCOUNTS, AUDIT AND ANNUAL RETURN AND DECLARATION         
A-25
Table of Contents
    CAPITALISATION
and allot the Shares or debentures, credited as fully paid, to the Members (or as they may direct) in those proportions, or partly in one way and partly in the other, but the Share Premium Account, the capital redemption reserve and profits which are not available for distribution may, for the purposes of this Article, only be applied in paying up unissued Shares to be allotted to Members credited as fully paid;  
and any such agreement made under this authority being effective and binding on all those Members; and  
    SHARE PREMIUM ACCOUNT         
A-26
Table of Contents
    NOTICES
In proving service by post or courier service it shall be sufficient to prove that the letter containing the notice or documents was properly addressed and duly posted or delivered to the courier service.  
A-27
Table of Contents
    INFORMATION         
    INDEMNITY         
unless the same shall happen through such Indemnified Person's own dishonesty, willful default or fraud.  
A-28
Table of Contents any rule of law, would otherwise attach to such person in respect of any negligence, default, breach of duty or breach of trust of which such person may be guilty in relation to the Company. 
    FINANCIAL YEAR         
    NON-RECOGNITION OF TRUSTS         
    WINDING UP         
    AMENDMENT OF ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION         
    MERGERS AND CONSOLIDATIONS         
A-29
Table of Contents
    CLOSING OF REGISTER OR FIXING RECORD DATE         
    CLAIMS AGAINST THE COMPANY         
    REGISTRATION BY WAY OF CONTINUATION         
A-30
Table of Contents
    DISCLOSURE         
    EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF CAYMAN ISLANDS COURTS         
A- Table of Contents 
    Appendix B         
     BEIGENE, LTD.              SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED   2016 SHARE OPTION AND INCENTIVE PLAN         
        SECTION 1.    GENERAL PURPOSE OF THE PLAN; DEFINITIONS    
        The name of the plan is the BeiGene, Ltd. Second Amended and Restated 2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan (the "Plan"). The purpose of the Plan is to encourage and enable the officers, employees, Non-Employee Directors and Consultants of BeiGene, Ltd. (the "Company") and its Subsidiaries upon whose judgment, initiative and efforts the Company largely depends for the successful conduct of its businesses to acquire a proprietary interest in the Company. It is anticipated that providing such persons with a direct stake in the Company will assure a closer identification of their interests with those of the Company and its shareholders, thereby stimulating their efforts on the Company's behalf and strengthening their desire to remain with the Company. 
        The following terms shall be defined as set forth below: 
        "Act" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder. 
        "Administrator" means either the Board or the compensation committee of the Board or a similar committee performing the functions of the compensation committee and which is comprised of not less than two Non-Employee Directors who are independent. 
        "ADSs" means American depositary shares. Each ADS represents 13 Shares. 
        "ASC 718" means Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718, Compensation—Stock Compensation. 
        "Award" or "Awards," except where referring to a particular category of grant under the Plan, shall include Non-Qualified Share Options, Share Appreciation Rights, Restricted Share Units, Restricted Share Awards, Unrestricted Share Awards and Dividend Equivalent Rights. 
        "Award Certificate" means a written or electronic document setting forth the terms and provisions applicable to an Award granted under the Plan. Each Award Certificate is subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 
        "Board" means the Board of Directors of the Company. 
        "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and any successor Code, and related rules, regulations and interpretations. 
        "Consultant" means any natural person that provides bona fide services to the Company, and such services are not in connection with the offer or sale of securities in a capital-raising transaction and do not directly or indirectly promote or maintain a market for the Company's securities. 
        "Dividend Equivalent Right" means an Award entitling the Grantee to receive credits based on cash dividends that would have been paid on the Shares specified in the Dividend Equivalent Right (or other award to which it relates) if such Shares had been issued to and held by the Grantee. 
        "Exchange Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder. 
        "Fair Market Value" of the Shares on any given date means the fair market value of the Shares determined in good faith by the Administrator; provided, however, that if the ADSs are admitted to quotation on the National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotation System ("NASDAQ"), NASDAQ Global Market or another national securities exchange, the determination shall be made by reference to market quotations. If there are no market quotations for such date, the determination shall be made by reference to the last date preceding such date for which there are market quotations. 
Table of Contents
        "Grantee" is a recipient of an Award under this Plan. 
        "Non-Employee Director" means a member of the Board who is not also an employee of the Company or any Subsidiary. 
        "Non-Qualified Share Option" means any Share Option that is not an incentive share option. 
        "Option" or "Share Option" means any option to purchase Shares granted pursuant to Section 5. 
        "Restricted Shares" means the Shares underlying a Restricted Share Award that remain subject to a risk of forfeiture or the Company's right of repurchase. 
        "Restricted Share Award" means an Award of Restricted Shares subject to such restrictions and conditions as the Administrator may determine at the time of grant. 
        "Restricted Share Units" means an Award of share units subject to such restrictions and conditions as the Administrator may determine at the time of grant. 
        "Sale Event" shall mean (i) the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company on a consolidated basis to an unrelated person or entity, (ii) a merger, reorganization or consolidation pursuant to which the holders of the Company's outstanding voting power and outstanding Shares immediately prior to such transaction do not own a majority of the outstanding voting power and outstanding Shares or other equity interests of the resulting or successor entity (or its ultimate parent, if applicable) immediately upon completion of such transaction, (iii) the sale of all of the Shares of the Company to an unrelated person, entity or group thereof acting in concert, or (iv) any other transaction in which the owners of the Company's outstanding voting power immediately prior to such transaction do not own at least a majority of the outstanding voting power of the Company or any successor entity immediately upon completion of the transaction other than as a result of the acquisition of securities directly from the Company. 
        "Sale Price" means the value as determined by the Administrator of the consideration payable, or otherwise to be received by the Company's shareholders, per Share pursuant to a Sale Event. 
        "Shares" means the ordinary shares, par value US$0.0001 per share, of the Company, subject to adjustments pursuant to Section 3. 
        "Share Appreciation Right" means an Award entitling the recipient to receive Shares having a value equal to the excess of the Fair Market Value of the Shares on the date of exercise over the exercise price of the Share Appreciation Right multiplied by the number of Shares with respect to which the Share Appreciation Right shall have been exercised. 
        "Subsidiary" means any corporation or other entity (other than the Company) in which the Company has at least a 50 percent interest, either directly or indirectly. 
        "Unrestricted Share Award" means an Award of Shares free of any restrictions. 
        SECTION 2.    ADMINISTRATION OF PLAN; ADMINISTRATOR AUTHORITY TO SELECT GRANTEES AND DETERMINE AWARDS    
        (a)    Administration of Plan.    The Plan shall be administered by the Administrator. 
        (b)    Powers of Administrator.    The Administrator shall have the power and authority to grant Awards consistent with the terms of the Plan, including the power and authority: 
          (i)  to select the individuals to whom Awards may from time to time be granted; 
         (ii)  to determine the time or times of grant, and the extent, if any, of Non-Qualified Share Options, Share Appreciation Rights, Restricted Share Awards, Restricted Share Units, 
B-2
Table of Contents
Unrestricted Share Awards and Dividend Equivalent Rights, or any combination of the foregoing, granted to any one or more Grantees; 
        (iii)  to determine the number of Shares to be covered by any Award; 
        (iv)  to determine and modify from time to time the terms and conditions, including restrictions, not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan, of any Award, which terms and conditions may differ among individual Awards and Grantees, and to approve the forms of Award Certificates; 
         (v)  to accelerate at any time the exercisability or vesting of all or any portion of any Award in circumstances involving the Grantee's death, disability, retirement or termination of employment, or a change in control (including a Sale Event); 
        (vi)  subject to the provisions of Section 5(c), to extend at any time the period in which Share Options may be exercised; and 
       (vii)  at any time to adopt, alter and repeal such rules, guidelines and practices for administration of the Plan and for its own acts and proceedings as it shall deem advisable; to interpret the terms and provisions of the Plan and any Award (including related written instruments); to make all determinations it deems advisable for the administration of the Plan; to decide all disputes arising in connection with the Plan; and to otherwise supervise the administration of the Plan. 
        All decisions and interpretations of the Administrator shall be binding on all persons, including the Company and Plan Grantees. 
        To the extent required under the rules of any securities exchange or market system on which the Shares are listed, amendments to the terms of Share Options granted under the Plan shall be subject to approval by the Company' shareholders entitled to vote at a meeting of shareholders. 
        (c)    Delegation of Authority to Grant Awards.    Subject to applicable law, the Administrator, in its discretion, may delegate to the chairman of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company all or part of the Administrator's authority and duties with respect to the granting of Awards to individuals who are not subject to the reporting of Section 16 of the Exchange Act. Subject to applicable law, the Administrator, in its discretion, may delegate to the Chief Executive Officer and/or Chief Financial Officer of the Company all or part of the Administrator's authority and duties with respect to the granting of Awards to individuals who are not subject to the reporting of Section 16 of the Exchange Act. Any such delegation by the Administrator shall include a limitation as to the number of Shares underlying Awards that may be granted during the period of the delegation and shall contain guidelines as to the determination of the exercise price and the criteria for exercisability or vesting. The Administrator may revoke or amend the terms of a delegation at any time, but such action shall not invalidate any prior actions of the Administrator's delegate or delegates that were consistent with the terms of the Plan 
        (d)    Award Certificate.    Awards under the Plan shall be evidenced by Award Certificates that set forth the terms, conditions and limitations for each Award which may include, without limitation, the term of an Award and the provisions applicable in the event employment or service terminates. 
        (e)    Indemnification.    Neither the Board nor the Administrator, nor any member of either or any delegate thereof, shall be liable for any act, omission, interpretation, construction or determination made in good faith in connection with the Plan, and the members of the Board and the Administrator (and any delegate thereof) shall be entitled in all cases to indemnification and reimbursement by the Company in respect of any claim, loss, damage or expense (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees) arising or resulting therefrom to the fullest extent 
B-3
Table of Contents permitted by law and/or under the Company's articles of association or any directors' and officers' liability insurance coverage which may be in effect from time to time and/or any indemnification agreement between such individual and the Company. 
        (f)    Foreign Award Recipients.    Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, in order to comply with the laws in other countries in which the Company and its Subsidiaries operate or have employees or other individuals eligible for Awards, the Administrator, in its sole discretion, shall have the power and authority to: (i) determine which Subsidiaries shall be covered by the Plan; (ii) determine which individuals outside the United States are eligible to participate in the Plan; (iii) modify the terms and conditions of any Award granted to individuals outside the United States to comply with applicable foreign laws; (iv) establish subplans and modify exercise procedures and other terms and procedures, to the extent the Administrator determines such actions to be necessary or advisable (and such subplans and/or modifications shall be attached to this Plan as appendices); provided, however, that no such subplans and/or modifications shall increase the share limitations contained in Section 3(a); and (v) take any action, before or after an Award is made, that the Administrator determines to be necessary or advisable to obtain approval or comply with any local governmental regulatory exemptions or approvals. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrator may not take any actions hereunder, and no Awards shall be granted, that would violate the Act or any other United States securities law, the Code, or any other United States governing statute or law. 
        SECTION 3.    SHARES ISSUABLE UNDER THE PLAN; MERGERS; SUBSTITUTION    
        (a)    Shares Issuable.    The maximum number of Shares that have been reserved and available for issuance under the Plan shall be 159,823,772 Shares, of which 58,199,4332 Shares are reserved and remain available for issuance (representing approximately 7.5% (or less) of the issued share capital of the Company as of December 7, 2018, being the effective date of the approval of this second amended and restated Plan by the shareholders (the "Amended Effective Date")). For purposes of this limitation, the Shares underlying any awards granted under this Plan or the Company's 2011 Option Plan (including any grants made prior to the Amended Effective Date) that are forfeited, canceled, held back upon exercise of an Option or settlement of an award to cover the exercise price or tax withholding, reacquired by the Company prior to vesting, satisfied without the issuance of Shares or otherwise terminated (other than by exercise) shall be added back to the Shares available for issuance under the Plan, provided that (i) the Shares reserved and available for issuance under the Plan, the Company's 2018 Inducement Equity Plan (as amended and restated) and the Company's 2018 Employee Share Purchase Plan (as amended and restated) shall not exceed 77,236,318 Shares as of the Amended Effective Date, being 10% (or less) of the issued share capital of the Company as of the Amended Effective Date, (ii) where the Company cancels an Option and issues a new Option to the same Grantee, the issue of such new Option shall be made only to the extent that there are Shares reserved and available for issuance excluding the cancelled Option and (iii) notwithstanding the foregoing, no Shares underlying any Share Options granted under this Plan or the Company's 2011 Option Plan (including any grants made prior to the Amended Effective Date) shall be added back to the Shares available for issuance under the Plan unless such Share Options have lapsed or otherwise been terminated in accordance with the terms of the Plan. In the event the Company repurchases Shares on the open market, such Shares shall not be added to the Shares available for issuance under the Plan. Subject to such overall limitations, Shares may be issued up to such maximum number pursuant to any type or types of Award. The Shares available for issuance under the Plan may be authorized but unissued Shares or Shares reacquired by the Company. 
B-4
Table of Contents
        (b)    Maximum Awards to Independent, Non-Employee Directors.    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Plan, the value of all Awards awarded under this Plan and all other cash compensation paid by the Company to any independent, Non-Employee Director in any calendar year shall not exceed US$1 million, provided that such limit shall not apply to the initial awards awarded under this Plan and all other cash compensation paid by the Company to any new independent, Non-Employee Director in the first calendar year of such director joining the Board of Directors. For the purpose of this limitation, the value of any Award shall be its grant date fair value, as determined in accordance with ASC 718 or successor provision but excluding the impact of estimated forfeitures related to service-based vesting provisions. 
        (c)    Maximum Individual Limit.    Unless approved by the Company's shareholders in general meeting, the total number of Shares issued and to be issued upon the exercise of Share Options granted and to be granted under the Plan and any other plan of the Company to a Grantee within any 12-month period shall not exceed 1% of the Shares in issue at the date of any grant. 
        (d)    Changes in Shares.    Subject to Section 3(e), if, as a result of any reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification, share dividend, share split, reverse share split or other similar change in the Company's share capital, the outstanding Shares are increased or decreased or are exchanged for a different number or kind of shares or other securities of the Company, or additional shares or new or different shares or other securities of the Company or other non-cash assets are distributed with respect to such Shares or other securities, or, if, as a result of any merger or consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, the outstanding Shares are converted into or exchanged for securities of the Company or any successor entity (or a parent or subsidiary thereof), the Administrator shall make an appropriate or proportionate adjustment in (i) the maximum number of Shares reserved for issuance under the Plan, (ii) the number and kind of Shares or other securities subject to any then outstanding Awards under the Plan, (iii) the repurchase price, if any, per Share subject to each outstanding Restricted Share Award, and (iv) the exercise price for each Share subject to any then outstanding Share Options and Share Appreciation Rights under the Plan, without changing the aggregate exercise price (i.e., the exercise price multiplied by the number of Share Options and Share Appreciation Rights) as to which such Share Options and Share Appreciation Rights remain exercisable. The Administrator shall also make equitable or proportionate adjustments in the number of Shares subject to outstanding Awards (other than with respect to Share Options) and the exercise price and the terms of outstanding Awards to take into consideration cash dividends paid other than in the ordinary course or any other extraordinary corporate event. The adjustment by the Administrator shall be final, binding and conclusive. No fractional Shares shall be issued under the Plan resulting from any such adjustment, but the Administrator in its discretion may make a cash payment in lieu of fractional Shares. 
        (e)    Mergers and Other Transactions.    In the case of and subject to the consummation of a Sale Event, the parties may cause the assumption or continuation of Awards previously granted by the successor entity, or the substitution of such Awards with new Awards of the successor entity or its parent, with appropriate adjustment as to the number and kind of shares and, if appropriate, the per share exercise prices, as such parties shall agree. To the extent the parties to such Sale Event do not provide for the assumption, continuation or substitution of Awards, upon the effective time of the Sale Event, the Plan and all outstanding Awards granted under this Plan shall terminate. In such case, except as may be otherwise provided in the relevant Award Certificate, all Options and Share Appreciation Rights that are not exercisable immediately prior to the effective time of the Sale Event shall become fully exercisable as of the effective time of the Sale Event, all other Awards with time-based vesting, conditions or restrictions shall become fully vested and nonforfeitable as of the effective time of the Sale Event, and all Awards with conditions and restrictions relating to the achievement of performance goals may become vested and 
B-5
Table of Contents nonforfeitable in connection with a Sale Event in the Administrator's discretion or to the extent specified in the relevant Award Certificate. In the event of such termination, (i) the Company shall have the option (in its sole discretion) to make or provide for a payment, in cash or in kind, to the Grantees holding Options and Share Appreciation Rights, in exchange for the cancellation thereof, in an amount equal to the difference between (A) the Sale Price multiplied by the number of Shares subject to outstanding Options and Share Appreciation Rights (to the extent then exercisable at prices not in excess of the Sale Price) and (B) the aggregate exercise price of all such outstanding Options and Share Appreciation Rights; or (ii) each Grantee shall be permitted, within a specified period of time prior to the consummation of the Sale Event as determined by the Administrator, to exercise all outstanding Options and Share Appreciation Rights (to the extent then exercisable) held by such Grantee. The Company shall also have the option (in its sole discretion) to make or provide for a payment, in cash or in kind, to the Grantees holding other Awards in an amount equal to the Sale Price multiplied by the number of vested Shares under such Awards. 
        SECTION 4.    ELIGIBILITY    
        Grantees under the Plan will be such full- or part-time officers and other employees, Non-Employee Directors and Consultants of the Company and its Subsidiaries as are selected from time to time by the Administrator in its sole discretion. 
        SECTION 5.    SHARE OPTIONS    
        (a)    Award of Share Options.    The Administrator may grant Share Options under the Plan. Any Share Option granted under the Plan shall be in such form as the Administrator may from time to time approve. Share Options granted under the Plan are Non-Qualified Share Options. 
        Share Options granted pursuant to this Section 5 shall be subject to the following terms and conditions and shall contain such additional terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan, as the Administrator shall deem desirable. If the Administrator so determines, Share Options may be granted in lieu of cash compensation at the optionee's election, subject to such terms and conditions as the Administrator may establish. 
        (b)    Exercise Price.    The exercise price per Share covered by a Share Option granted pursuant to this Section 5 shall be determined by the Administrator at the time of grant but shall not be less than the higher of: (i) the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of grant; and (ii) the average Fair Market Value of the Shares for the five business days immediately preceding the day of grant. 
        (c)    Option Term.    The term of each Share Option shall be fixed by the Administrator, but no Share Option shall be exercisable more than ten years after the date the Share Option is granted. Any Share Option granted but not exercised by the end of its option term will automatically lapse and be cancelled. 
        (d)    Exercisability; Rights of a Shareholder.    Share Options shall become exercisable at such time or times, whether or not in installments, as shall be determined by the Administrator at or after the grant date. The Administrators may determine at the time of grant any minimum period(s) for which a Share Option must be held and/or any minimum performance target(s) that must be achieved, before the Share Option can be exercised in whole or in part, and may include at the discretion of the Administrators such other terms either on a case by case basis or generally. The Administrator may at any time accelerate the exercisability of all or any portion of any Share Option. An optionee shall have the rights of a shareholder only as to Shares acquired upon the exercise of a Share Option and not as to unexercised Share Options. Accordingly, an optionee shall not have any voting rights, or rights to participate in any dividends or distributions (including those arising on a liquidation of the Company) declared or recommended or resolved to be paid to 
B-6
Table of Contents the shareholders on the register of members of the Company on a date prior to the name of such optionee being registered on such register. 
        (e)    Method of Exercise.    Share Options may be exercised in whole or in part, by giving written or electronic notice of exercise to the Company, specifying the number of Shares to be purchased. Payment of the purchase price may be made by one or more of the following methods except to the extent otherwise provided in the option award certificate: 
          (i)  In cash, by certified or bank check or other instrument acceptable to the Administrator; 
         (ii)  Through the delivery (or attestation to the ownership following such procedures as the Company may prescribe ("attestation method")) of Shares that are not then subject to restrictions under any Company plan. Such surrendered Shares shall be valued at Fair Market Value on the exercise date; 
        (iii)  By the optionee delivering to the Company a properly executed exercise notice together with irrevocable instructions to a broker to promptly deliver to the Company cash or a check payable and acceptable to the Company for the purchase price; provided that in the event the optionee chooses to pay the purchase price as so provided, the optionee and the broker shall comply with such procedures and enter into such agreements of indemnity and other agreements as the Company shall prescribe as a condition of such payment procedure; or 
        (iv)  If permitted by the Administrator, by a "net exercise" arrangement pursuant to which the Company will reduce the number of Shares issuable upon exercise by the largest whole number of shares with a Fair Market Value that does not exceed the aggregate exercise price. 
Payment instruments will be received subject to collection. The transfer to the optionee on the records of the Company or of the transfer agent of the Shares to be purchased pursuant to the exercise of a Share Option will be contingent upon receipt from the optionee (or a purchaser acting in his stead in accordance with the provisions of the Share Option) by the Company of the full purchase price for such Shares and the fulfillment of any other requirements contained in the option award certificate or applicable provisions of laws (including the satisfaction of any withholding taxes that the Company is obligated to withhold with respect to the optionee). In the event an optionee chooses to pay the purchase price by previously-owned Shares through the attestation method, the number of Shares transferred to the optionee upon the exercise of the Share Option shall be net of the number of attested Shares. In the event that the Company establishes, for itself or using the services of a third party, an automated system for the exercise of Share Options, such as a system using an internet website or interactive voice response, then the paperless exercise of Share Options may be permitted through the use of such an automated system. 
        SECTION 6.    SHARE APPRECIATION RIGHTS    
        (a)    Award of Share Appreciation Rights.    The Administrator may grant Share Appreciation Rights under the Plan. A Share Appreciation Right is an Award entitling the recipient to receive Shares having a value equal to the excess of the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of exercise over the exercise price of the Share Appreciation Right multiplied by the number of Shares with respect to which the Share Appreciation Right shall have been exercised. 
        (b)    Exercise Price of Share Appreciation Rights.    The exercise price of a Share Appreciation Right shall not be less than 100 percent of the Fair Market Value of the Shares on the date of grant in the case of any grant to a Grantee who is subject to U.S. income tax. 
B-7
Table of Contents
        (c)    Grant and Exercise of Share Appreciation Rights.    Share Appreciation Rights may be granted by the Administrator independently of any Share Option granted pursuant to Section 5 of the Plan. 
        (d)    Terms and Conditions of Share Appreciation Rights.    Share Appreciation Rights shall be subject to such terms and conditions as shall be determined by the Administrator at the time of the grant. Such terms and conditions may differ among individual Awards and Grantees. The term of a Share Appreciation Right may not exceed ten years. 
        SECTION 7.    RESTRICTED SHARE AWARDS    
        (a)    Nature of Restricted Share Awards.    The Administrator may grant Restricted Share Awards under the Plan. A Restricted Share Award is any Award of Restricted Shares subject to such restrictions and conditions as the Administrator may determine at the time of grant. Conditions may be based on continuing employment (or other service relationship) and/or achievement of pre-established performance goals and objectives. The terms and conditions of each such Award shall be determined by the Administrator, and such terms and conditions may differ among individual Awards and Grantees. 
        (b)    Rights as a Shareholder.    Upon the grant of a Restricted Share Award and payment of the purchase price, if any, subject to the restrictions and conditions set forth in the award certificate, a Grantee shall have all the rights of a shareholder with respect to Restricted Shares, including the voting of the Restricted Shares and receipt of dividends; provided that cash dividends, shares and any other property (other than cash) distributed as a dividend or otherwise with respect to any Restricted Share Award that vests based on achievement of performance goals shall either (i) not be paid or credited or (ii) be accumulated, shall be subject to restrictions and risk of forfeiture to the same extent as the Restricted Shares with respect to which such cash, shares or other property has been distributed and shall be paid at the time such restrictions and risk of forfeiture lapse. Unless the Administrator shall otherwise determine, (i) uncertificated Restricted Shares shall be accompanied by a notation on the records of the Company or the transfer agent to the effect that they are subject to forfeiture until such Restricted Shares are vested as provided in Section 7(d), and (ii) certificated Restricted Shares shall remain in the possession of the Company until such Restricted Shares are vested as provided in Section 7(d), and the Grantee shall be required, as a condition of the grant, to deliver to the Company such instruments of transfer as the Administrator may prescribe. 
        (c)    Restrictions.    Restricted Shares may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged or otherwise encumbered or disposed of except as specifically provided in the Restricted Share Award Certificate. Except as may otherwise be provided by the Administrator either in the Award Certificate or, subject to Section 15, in writing after the Award is issued, if a Grantee's employment (or other service relationship) with the Company and its Subsidiaries terminates for any reason, any Restricted Shares that have not vested at the time of termination shall automatically and without any requirement of notice to such Grantee from or other action by or on behalf of, the Company be deemed to have been reacquired by the Company at its original purchase price (if any) from such Grantee or such Grantee's legal representative simultaneously with such termination of employment (or other service relationship), and after the reacquisition shall cease to represent any ownership of the Company by the Grantee or rights of the Grantee as a shareholder. Following such deemed reacquisition of Restricted Shares that are represented by physical certificates, a Grantee shall surrender such certificates to the Company upon request without consideration. 
        (d)    Vesting of Restricted Shares.    The Administrator at the time of grant shall specify the date or dates and/or the performance goals, objectives and other conditions on which the non-transferability of the Restricted Shares and the Company's right of repurchase or forfeiture 
B-8
Table of Contents shall lapse. Subsequent to such date or dates and/or the achievement of such performance goals, objectives and other conditions, the shares as to which the Company's right of repurchase or forfeiture has lapsed shall no longer be Restricted Shares and shall be deemed "vested." 
        SECTION 8.    RESTRICTED SHARE UNITS    
        (a)    Nature of Restricted Share Units.    The Administrator may grant Restricted Share Units under the Plan. A Restricted Share Unit is an Award of share units that may be settled in Shares upon the satisfaction of such restrictions and conditions at the time of grant. Conditions may be based on continuing employment (or other service relationship) and/or achievement of pre-established performance goals and objectives, subject to compliance to Section 457A of the Code (if applicable). The terms and conditions of each such Award shall be determined by the Administrator, and such terms and conditions may differ among individual Awards and Grantees. At the end of the vesting period, the Restricted Share Units, to the extent vested, shall be settled in the form of Shares. 
        (b)    Rights as a Shareholder.    A Grantee shall have the rights as a shareholder only as to Shares acquired by the Grantee upon settlement of Restricted Share Units; provided, however, that the Grantee may be credited with Dividend Equivalent Rights with respect to the share units underlying his Restricted Share Units, subject to the provisions of Section 10 and such terms and conditions as the Administrator may determine. Cash dividends, shares and any other property (other than cash) distributed as a dividend or otherwise with respect to any Restricted Share Unit that vests based on achievement of performance goals shall either (i) not be paid or credited or (ii) be accumulated, shall be subject to restrictions and risk of forfeiture to the same extent as the Restricted Share Units with respect to which such cash, share or other property has been distributed and shall be paid at the time such restrictions and risk of forfeiture lapse. 
        (c)    Termination.    Except as may otherwise be provided by the Administrator either in the Award Certificate or, subject to Section 15, in writing after the Award is issued, a Grantee's right in all Restricted Share Units that have not vested shall automatically terminate upon the Grantee's termination of employment (or cessation of service relationship) with the Company and its Subsidiaries for any reason. 
        SECTION 9.    UNRESTRICTED SHARE AWARDS    
        Grant or Sale of Unrestricted Shares.    The Administrator may grant (or sell at par value or such higher purchase price determined by the Administrator) an Unrestricted Share Award under the Plan. An Unrestricted Share Award is an Award pursuant to which the Grantee may receive Shares free of any restrictions under the Plan. Unrestricted Share Awards may be granted in respect of past services or other valid consideration, or in lieu of cash compensation due to such Grantee. 
        SECTION 10.    DIVIDEND EQUIVALENT RIGHTS    
        (a)    Dividend Equivalent Rights.    The Administrator may grant Dividend Equivalent Rights under the Plan. A Dividend Equivalent Right is an Award entitling the Grantee to receive credits based on cash dividends that would have been paid on the Shares specified in the Dividend Equivalent Right (or other Award to which it relates) if such Shares had been issued to the Grantee. A Dividend Equivalent Right may be granted to any Grantee as a component of an award of Restricted Share Units or as a freestanding award. The terms and conditions of Dividend Equivalent Rights shall be specified in the Award Certificate. Dividend equivalents credited to the holder of a Dividend Equivalent Right shall be paid currently. Dividend Equivalent Rights may be settled in cash or Shares or a combination of cash and Shares. A Dividend Equivalent Right granted as a component of an Award of Restricted Share Units shall provide that such Dividend Equivalent Right shall be settled only upon settlement or payment of, or lapse of restrictions on, 
B-9
Table of Contents such other Award, and that such Dividend Equivalent Right shall expire or be forfeited or annulled under the same conditions as such other Award. 
        (b)    Termination.    Except as may otherwise be provided by the Administrator either in the Award Certificate or, subject to Section 15, in writing after the Award is issued, a Grantee's rights in all Dividend Equivalent Rights shall automatically terminate upon the Grantee's termination of employment (or cessation of service relationship) with the Company and its Subsidiaries for any reason. 
        SECTION 11.    TRANSFERABILITY OF AWARDS    
        (a)    Transferability.    Except as provided in Section 11(b), during a Grantee's lifetime, his or her Awards shall be exercisable only by the Grantee, or by the grantee's legal representative or guardian in the event of the Grantee's incapacity. No Awards shall be sold, assigned, transferred or otherwise encumbered or disposed of by a Grantee other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution or pursuant to a domestic relations order. No Awards shall be subject, in whole or in part, to attachment, execution, or levy of any kind, and any purported transfer in violation of this Section 11(a) shall be null and void. 
        (b)    Administrator Action.    Notwithstanding Section 11(a), the Administrator, in its discretion, may permit either in the Award Certificate for a given Award or by subsequent written approval the Grantee to transfer Non-Qualified Share Options to the Grantee's immediate family members, to trusts for the benefit of such family members, or to partnerships in which such family members are the only partners, provided that the transferee agrees in writing with the Company to be bound by all of the terms and conditions of this Plan and the applicable Award. In no event may an Award be transferred by a Grantee for value. 
        (c)    Family Member.    For purposes of Section 11(b), "family member" shall mean a Grantee's child, stepchild, grandchild, parent, stepparent, grandparent, spouse, former spouse, sibling, niece, nephew, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law, or sister-in-law, including adoptive relationships, any person sharing the grantee's household (other than a tenant of the Grantee), a trust in which these persons (or the Grantee) have more than 50 percent of the beneficial interest, a foundation in which these persons (or the Grantee) control the management of assets, and any other entity in which these persons (or the Grantee) own more than 50 percent of the voting interests. 
        (d)    Designation of Beneficiary.    To the extent permitted by the Company, each Grantee to whom an Award has been made under the Plan may designate a beneficiary or beneficiaries to exercise any Award or receive any payment under any Award payable on or after the Grantee's death. Any such designation shall be on a form provided for that purpose by the Administrator and shall not be effective until received by the Administrator. If no beneficiary has been designated by a deceased Grantee, or if the designated beneficiaries have predeceased the Grantee, the beneficiary shall be the Grantee's estate. 
        SECTION 12.    TAX WITHHOLDING    
        (a)    Payment by Grantee.    Each Grantee shall, no later than the date as of which the value of an Award or of any Shares or cash received under the Award first becomes includable in the gross income of the Grantee for income, employment or other tax purposes, pay to the Company or a Subsidiary, or make arrangements satisfactory to the Administrator regarding payment of, any taxes of any kind required by law to be withheld by the Company or a Subsidiary with respect to such income. The Company and its Subsidiaries shall, to the extent permitted by law, have the right to deduct any such taxes from any payment of any kind otherwise due to the Grantee. The Company's obligation to deliver evidence of book entry (or share certificates) to any Grantee is subject to and conditioned on tax withholding obligations being satisfied by the Grantee. 
B-10
Table of Contents
        (b)    Payment in Shares.    Subject to approval by the Administrator, a Grantee may elect to have the Company's or Subsidiary's minimum required tax withholding obligation satisfied, in whole or in part, by authorizing the Company to withhold from Shares to be issued pursuant to any Award a number of Shares with an aggregate Fair Market Value (as of the date the withholding is effected) that would satisfy the withholding amount due. The Administrator may also require Awards to be subject to mandatory share withholding up to the required withholding amount. For purposes of share withholding, the Fair Market Value of withheld Shares shall be determined in the same manner as the value of the Shares includible in income of the Grantees. 
        SECTION 13.    TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT, TRANSFER, LEAVE OF ABSENCE, ETC.    
        (a)    Termination of Employment.    If the Grantee's employer ceases to be a Subsidiary, the Grantee shall be deemed to have terminated employment for purposes of the Plan. 
        (b)   For purposes of the Plan, the following events shall not be deemed a termination of employment: 
          (i)  a transfer to the employment of the Company from a Subsidiary or from the Company to a Subsidiary, or from one Subsidiary to another; or 
         (ii)  an approved leave of absence for military service or sickness, or for any other purpose approved by the Company, if the employee's right to re-employment is guaranteed either by a statute or by contract or under the policy pursuant to which the leave of absence was granted or if the Administrator otherwise so provides in writing. 
        SECTION 14.    AMENDMENTS AND TERMINATION    
        The Board may, at any time, amend or discontinue the Plan and the Administrator may, at any time, amend or cancel any outstanding Award for the purpose of satisfying changes in law or for any other lawful purpose, but no such action shall adversely affect rights under any outstanding Award without the holder's consent. Except as provided in Section 3(c) or 3(d), without prior shareholder approval, in no event may the Administrator exercise its discretion to reduce the exercise price of outstanding Share Options or Share Appreciation Rights or effect repricing through cancellation and re-grants or cancellation of Share Options or Share Appreciation Rights in exchange for cash or other Awards. To the extent required under the rules of any securities exchange or market system on which the Shares are listed, Plan amendments shall be subject to approval by the Company shareholders entitled to vote at a meeting of shareholders. Nothing in this Section 14 shall limit the Administrator's authority to take any action permitted pursuant to Section 3(d) or 3(e). 
        In the event that the Plan is terminated while any Share Option remains outstanding and unexercised, the provisions of this Plan shall remain in full force to the extent necessary to give effect to the exercise of any such Share Option. 
        SECTION 15.    STATUS OF PLAN    
        With respect to the portion of any Award that has not been exercised and any payments in cash, Shares or other consideration not received by a Grantee, a Grantee shall have no rights greater than those of a general creditor of the Company unless the Administrator shall otherwise expressly determine in connection with any Award or Awards. In its sole discretion, the Administrator may authorize the creation of trusts or other arrangements to meet the Company's obligations to deliver Shares or make payments with respect to Awards, provided that the existence of such trusts or other arrangements is consistent with the foregoing sentence. 
B-11
Table of Contents
        SECTION 16.    GENERAL PROVISIONS    
        (a)    No Distribution.    The Administrator may require each person acquiring Shares pursuant to an Award to represent to and agree with the Company in writing that such person is acquiring the Shares without a view to their distribution. 
        (b)    Delivery of Share Certificates.    Share certificates to Grantees under this Plan shall be deemed delivered for all purposes when the Company or a share transfer agent of the Company has mailed such certificates to the Grantee at the Grantee's last known address on file with the Company. Uncertificated Shares shall be deemed delivered for all purposes when the Company or a share transfer agent of the Company shall have given to the Grantee by electronic mail (with proof of receipt) or by mail to the Grantee at the Grantee's last known address on file with the Company, notice of issuance and recorded the issuance in its records (which may include electronic "book entry" records). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Plan, the Company shall not be required to issue or deliver any certificates evidencing Shares pursuant to the exercise of any Award, unless and until the Administrator has determined, with advice of counsel (to the extent the Administrator deems such advice necessary or advisable), that the issuance and delivery of such certificates is in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations of governmental authorities and, if applicable, the requirements of any exchange on which the Shares or ADSs are listed, quoted or traded. All share certificates delivered pursuant to the Plan shall be subject to any stop-transfer orders and other restrictions as the Administrator deems necessary or advisable to comply with federal, state or foreign jurisdiction, securities or other laws, rules and quotation system on which the Shares or ADSs are listed, quoted or traded. The Administrator may place legends on any share certificate to reference restrictions applicable to the Shares. In addition to the terms and conditions of this Plan, the Administrator may require that an individual make such reasonable covenants, agreements, and representations as the Administrator, in its discretion, deems necessary or advisable in order to comply with any such laws, regulations, or requirements. The Administrator shall have the right to require any individual to comply with any timing or other restrictions with respect to the settlement or exercise of any Award, including a window-period limitation, as may be imposed in the discretion of the Administrator. 
        (c)    Shareholder Rights.    Until the name of the Grantee appears in the register of members of the Company, which is prima facie evidence that the Grantee is a shareholder of the Company, no right to vote or receive dividends or any other rights of a shareholder will exist with respect to Shares to be issued in connection with an Award, notwithstanding the exercise of a Share Option or any other action by the Grantee with respect to an Award. 
        (d)    Other Compensation Arrangements; No Employment Rights.    Nothing contained in this Plan shall prevent the Board from adopting other or additional compensation arrangements, including trusts, and such arrangements may be either generally applicable or applicable only in specific cases. The adoption of this Plan and the grant of Awards do not confer upon any employee any right to continued employment with the Company or any Subsidiary. 
        (e)    Trading Policy Restrictions.    Option exercises and other Awards under the Plan shall be subject to the Company's insider trading policies and procedures, as in effect from time to time. 
        (f)    Clawback Policy.    Awards under the Plan shall be subject to the Company's clawback policy, as in effect from time to time. 
        SECTION 17.    EFFECTIVE DATE OF PLAN    
        The 2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan became effective immediately prior to the effectiveness of the Company's registration statement relating to its initial public offering in the United States, following shareholder approval in accordance with the law of the Cayman Islands and the Company's articles of association, and this Second Amended and Restated 2016 Share 
B-12
Table of Contents
Option and Incentive Plan shall become effective upon shareholder approval in accordance with the law of the Cayman Islands and the Company's articles of association. No grants of Share Options and other Awards may be made under this Plan after November 7, 2028. 
        SECTION 18.    GOVERNING LAW    
        This Plan and all Awards and actions taken under them shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the Cayman Islands. In relation to any proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Plan, the Company and the Grantees irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Cayman Islands courts. 
        DATE APPROVED BY BOARD OF DIRECTORS: January 14, 2016 
        DATE APPROVED BY SHAREHOLDERS: January 14, 2016 
        DATE OF APPROVAL OF AMENDED AND RESTATED PLAN BY BOARD OF DIRECTORS: August 7, 2018 
        DATE OF APPROVAL OF SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED PLAN BY BOARD OF DIRECTORS: November 7, 2018 
        DATE APPROVAL OF SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED PLAN BY SHAREHOLDERS: December 7, 2018 
B-13
Table of Contents 
    Appendix C         
     BEIGENE, LTD.        SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED 2018 EMPLOYEE SHARE PURCHASE PLAN         
        The purpose of the BeiGene, Ltd. Second Amended and Restated 2018 Employee Share Purchase Plan (the "Plan") is to provide eligible employees of BeiGene, Ltd. (the "Company") and each Designated Subsidiary (as defined in Section 11) with opportunities to purchase Shares (either in the form of Ordinary Shares or ADSs). 7,355,315 Ordinary Shares1 (including the number of Ordinary Shares represented by ADSs purchased under the Plan) (representing approximately 0.95% (or less) of the issued share capital of the Company as at December 7, 2018, being the effective date of the shareholder approval of this second amended and restated Plan by the Board (the "Amended Effective Date")) in the aggregate have been approved and reserved for this purpose. The Plan is intended to constitute an "employee stock purchase plan" within the meaning of Section 423(b) of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), and shall be interpreted in accordance with that intent. 
        1.    Administration.    The Plan will be administered by the person or persons (the "Administrator") appointed by the Company's Board of Directors (the "Board") for such purpose. The Administrator has authority at any time to: (i) adopt, alter and repeal such rules, guidelines and practices for the administration of the Plan and for its own acts and proceedings as it shall deem advisable; (ii) interpret the terms and provisions of the Plan; (iii) make all determinations it deems advisable for the administration of the Plan; (iv) decide all disputes arising in connection with the Plan; (v) implement any procedures, steps, additional or different requirements as may be necessary to comply with any local laws, including the laws of the People's Republic of China (the "PRC") and the other countries in which the Company operates, that may be applicable to this Plan, any Options or any related documents; and (vi) otherwise supervise the administration of the Plan, in its sole and absolute discretion and taking into account any matters in its sole and absolute discretion. All interpretations and decisions of the Administrator shall be binding on all persons, including the Company and the Participants. No member of the Board or individual exercising administrative authority with respect to the Plan shall be liable for any action or determination made in good faith with respect to the Plan or any option granted hereunder. 
        2.    Offerings.    The Company will make one or more offerings to eligible employees to purchase Shares under the Plan ("Offerings"). Unless otherwise determined by the Administrator, the initial Offering will begin on the first business day occurring on or after September1, 2018 and will end on last business day occurring on or before February 28, 2019 (the "Initial Offering"). Thereafter, unless otherwise determined by the Administrator, an Offering will begin on the first business day occurring on or after each March 1st and September 1st and will end on the last business day occurring on or before the following February 28th (or February 29th, if applicable) and August 31st, respectively. The Administrator may, in its discretion, designate a different period for any Offering, provided that no Offering shall exceed 27 months in duration. 
        3.    Eligibility.    All individuals classified as employees on the payroll records of the Company and each Designated Subsidiary are eligible to participate in any one or more of the Offerings under the Plan, provided that as of the first day of the applicable Offering (the "Offering Date") they are employed by the Company or a Designated Subsidiary and have completed at least six months of employment. Participation shall not otherwise be subject to any minimum performance targets. Notwithstanding any other provision herein, individuals who are not classified as employees of the Company or a Designated Subsidiary for purposes of the Company's or applicable Designated 
C-1
Table of Contents
Subsidiary's payroll system as of the Offering Date are not considered to be eligible employees of the Company or any Designated Subsidiary and shall not be eligible to participate in the Plan. In the event any such individuals are reclassified as employees of the Company or a Designated Subsidiary for any purpose, including, without limitation, common law or statutory employees, by any action of any third party, including, without limitation, any government agency, or as a result of any private lawsuit, action or administrative proceeding, such individuals shall, notwithstanding such reclassification, remain ineligible for participation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the exclusive means for individuals who are not classified as employees of the Company or a Designated Subsidiary on the Company's or Designated Subsidiary's payroll system as of the Offering Date to become eligible to participate in this Plan is through an amendment to this Plan, duly executed by the Company, which specifically renders such individuals eligible to participate herein. 
        4.    Participation.    
        (a)   An eligible employee who is not a Participant in any prior Offering may participate in a subsequent Offering by submitting an enrollment form to the Company at least 15 business days before the Offering Date (or by such other deadline as shall be established by the Administrator for the Offering). 
        (b)   Enrollment.    The enrollment form will (a) state a whole percentage or the amount to be deducted from an eligible employee's Compensation (as defined in Section 11) per pay period, (b) authorize the purchase of Shares in each Offering in accordance with the terms of the Plan and (c) specify the exact name or names in which Shares purchased for such individual are to be issued pursuant to Section 10, and (d) provide such other terms as required by the Company. An employee who does not enroll in accordance with these procedures will be deemed to have waived the right to participate. Unless a Participant files a new enrollment form or withdraws from the Plan, such Participant's deductions and purchases will continue at the same percentage or amount of Compensation for future Offerings, provided he or she remains eligible. 
        (c)   Notwithstanding the foregoing, participation in the Plan will neither be permitted nor be denied contrary to the requirements of the Code. 
        5.    Employee Contributions.    Each eligible employee may authorize payroll deductions from his or her after tax Compensation at a minimum of 1 percent up to a maximum of 10 percent of such employee's Compensation for each pay period. The Company will maintain book accounts showing the amount of payroll deductions made by each Participant for each Offering. No interest will accrue or be paid on payroll deductions. 
        6.    Deduction Changes.    Except as may be determined by the Administrator in advance of an Offering, a Participant may not increase or decrease his or her payroll deduction during any Offering, but may increase or decrease his or her payroll deduction with respect to the next Offering (subject to the limitations of Section 5) by filing a new enrollment form at least 15 business days before the next Offering Date (or by such other deadline as shall be established by the Administrator for the Offering). The Administrator may, in advance of any Offering, establish rules permitting a Participant to increase, decrease or terminate his or her payroll deduction during an Offering. 
        7.    Withdrawal.    A Participant may withdraw from participation in the Plan by delivering a written notice of withdrawal to the Company. The Participant's withdrawal will be effective as of the next business day. Following a Participant's withdrawal, the Company will promptly refund such individual's entire account balance under the Plan to him or her (after payment for any Shares purchased before the effective date of withdrawal). Partial withdrawals are not permitted. Such an employee may not begin participation again during the remainder of the Offering, but may enroll in a subsequent Offering in accordance with Section 4. 
C-2
Table of Contents
        8.    Grant of Options.    On each Offering Date, the Company will grant to each eligible employee who is then a Participant in the Plan an option ("Option") to purchase on the last day of such Offering (the "Exercise Date"), at the Option Price hereinafter provided for, the lowest of (a) a number of Shares determined by dividing such Participant's accumulated payroll deductions on such Exercise Date by the lower of (i) 85 percent of the Fair Market Value of the Shares on the Offering Date, or (ii) 85 percent of the Fair Market Value of the Shares on the Exercise Date, (b) a number of Shares determined by multiplying $2,083 by the number of full months in the Offering and dividing the result by the Fair Market Value on the Offering Date; or (c) such other lesser maximum number of Shares as shall have been established by the Administrator in advance of the Offering; provided, however, that such Option shall be subject to the limitations set forth below. Each Participant's Option shall be exercisable only to the extent of such Participant's accumulated payroll deductions on the Exercise Date. The purchase price for each Share purchased under each Option (the "Option Price") will be 85 percent of the Fair Market Value of the Shares on the Offering Date or the Exercise Date, whichever is less. 
        Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Participant may be granted an option hereunder if such Participant, immediately after the option was granted, would be treated as owning Shares possessing 5 percent or more of the total combined voting power or value of all classes of share capital of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary (as defined in Section 11). For purposes of the preceding sentence, the attribution rules of Section 424(d) of the Code shall apply in determining the share ownership of a Participant, and all Shares which the Participant has a contractual right to purchase shall be treated as Shares owned by the Participant. In addition, no Participant may be granted an Option which permits his or her rights to purchase Shares under the Plan, and any other employee share purchase plan of the Company and its Parents and Subsidiaries, to accrue at a rate which exceeds $25,000 of the fair market value of such Shares (determined on the option grant date or dates) for each calendar year in which the Option is outstanding at any time. The purpose of the limitation in the preceding sentence is to comply with Section 423(b)(8) of the Code and shall be applied taking Options into account in the order in which they were granted. Furthermore, unless approved by the Company's shareholders in a general meeting, the total number of Ordinary Shares issued and to be issued upon the exercise of Options granted and to be granted under the Plan and any other plan of the Company to a Participant within any 12-month period shall not exceed 1% of the Ordinary Shares of the Company in issue at the date of any grant. 
        9.    Exercise of Option and Purchase of Shares.    Each employee who continues to be a Participant in the Plan on the Exercise Date shall be deemed to have exercised his or her Option on such date and shall acquire from the Company such number of whole Shares reserved for the purpose of the Plan as his or her accumulated payroll deductions on such date will purchase at the Option Price, subject to any other limitations contained in the Plan. Any amount remaining in a Participant's account at the end of an Offering solely by reason of the inability to purchase a fractional Share will be carried forward to the next Offering; any other balance remaining in a Participant's account at the end of an Offering will be refunded to the Participant promptly. Any Option granted but not exercised by the end of an Offering will automatically lapse and be cancelled. The Administrator may take all actions necessary to alter the method of Option exercise and the exchange and transmittal of proceeds with respect to Participants resident in the PRC not having permanent residence in a country other than the PRC in order to comply with applicable PRC foreign exchange and tax regulations, and any other applicable PRC laws and regulations. 
        10.    Issuance of Certificates.    Certificates representing Shares purchased under the Plan may be issued only in the name of the employee, in the name of the employee and another person of legal age as joint tenants with rights of survivorship, or in the name of a broker authorized by the employee to be his, her or their, nominee for such purpose. 
C-3
Table of Contents
        11.    Definitions.    
        The term "ADSs" means American depositary shares. Each ADS represents 13 Ordinary Shares. 
        The term "Change in Control" means (i) the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company on a consolidated basis to an unrelated person or entity, (ii) a merger, reorganization or consolidation pursuant to which the holders of the Company's outstanding voting power and outstanding Shares immediately prior to such transaction do not own a majority of the outstanding voting power and outstanding Shares or other equity interests of the resulting or successor entity (or its ultimate parent, if applicable) immediately upon completion of such transaction, (iii) the sale of all of the Shares of the Company to an unrelated person, entity or group thereof acting in concert, or (iv) any other transaction in which the owners of the Company's outstanding voting power immediately prior to such transaction do not own at least a majority of the outstanding voting power of the Company or any successor entity immediately upon completion of the transaction other than as a result of the acquisition of securities directly from the Company. 
        The term "Compensation" means the amount of base pay (including overtime and commissions, to the extent determined by the Administrator), prior to salary reduction pursuant to Sections 125, 132(f) or 401(k) of the Code, but excluding incentive or bonus awards, allowances and reimbursements for expenses such as relocation allowances or travel expenses, income or gains on the exercise of Company share options, and similar items. 
        The term "Designated Subsidiary" means any present or future Subsidiary (as defined below) that has been designated by the Board to participate in the Plan. The Board may so designate any Subsidiary, or revoke any such designation, at any time and from time to time, either before or after the Plan is approved by the shareholders. The current list of Designated Subsidiaries is attached hereto as Appendix A. 
        The term "Fair Market Value of the Shares" on any given date means the fair market value of the Shares determined in good faith by the Administrator; provided, however, that if the ADSs are admitted to quotation on the National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotation System ("NASDAQ"), NASDAQ Global Market or another national securities exchange, the determination shall be made by reference to the closing price on such date. If there is no closing price for such date, the determination shall be made by reference to the last date preceding such date for which there is a closing price. 
        The term "Ordinary Shares" means the ordinary shares, par value US$0.0001 per share, of the Company. 
        The term "Parent" means a "parent corporation" with respect to the Company, as defined in Section 424(e) of the Code. 
        The term "Participant" means an individual who is eligible as determined in Section 3 and who has complied with the provisions of Section 4. 
        The term "Shares" means the Ordinary Shares or ADSs, as the context so requires. 
        The term "Subsidiary" means a "subsidiary corporation" with respect to the Company, as defined in Section 424(f) of the Code. 
        12.    Rights on Termination of Employment.    If a Participant's employment terminates for any reason before the Exercise Date for any Offering, no payroll deduction will be taken from any pay due and owing to the Participant and the balance in the Participant's account will be paid to such Participant or, in the case of such Participant's death, to his or her designated beneficiary as if such Participant had withdrawn from the Plan under Section 7. An employee will be deemed to have terminated employment, for this purpose, if the corporation that employs him or her, having been a 
C-4
Table of Contents
Designated Subsidiary, ceases to be a Subsidiary, or if the employee is transferred to any corporation other than the Company or a Designated Subsidiary. An employee will not be deemed to have terminated employment for this purpose, if the employee is on an approved leave of absence for military service or sickness or for any other purpose approved by the Company, if the employee's right to reemployment is guaranteed either by a statute or by contract or under the policy pursuant to which the leave of absence was granted or if the Administrator otherwise provides in writing. 
        13.    Special Rules; Non-U.S. Employees.    Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Administrator may adopt special rules applicable to the employees of a particular Designated Subsidiary, whenever the Administrator determines that such rules are necessary or appropriate for the implementation of the Plan in a jurisdiction where such Designated Subsidiary has employees; provided that such rules are consistent with the requirements of Section 423(b) of the Code. Any special rules established pursuant to this Section 13 shall, to the extent possible, result in the employees subject to such rules having substantially the same rights as other Participants in the Plan. Notwithstanding the preceding provisions of this Plan, employees of the Company or a Designated Subsidiary who are citizens or residents of a non-United States jurisdiction (without regard to whether they are also citizens or resident aliens (within the meaning of Section 7701(b)(1)(A) of the Code)) may be excluded from eligibility under the Plan if (a) the grant of an Option under the Plan to a citizen or resident of the non-United States jurisdiction is prohibited under the laws of such jurisdiction or (b) compliance with the laws of the foreign jurisdiction would cause the Plan to violate the requirements of Section 423 of the Code. 
        14.    Optionees Not Shareholders.    Neither the granting of an Option to a Participant nor the deductions from his or her pay shall constitute such Participant a holder of the Shares covered by an Option under the Plan until such Shares have been purchased by and issued to him or her. Accordingly, Participants shall not have any voting rights, or rights to participate in any dividends or distributions (including those arising on a liquidation of the Company) declared or recommended or resolved to be paid to the shareholders on the register on a date prior to such Shares having been purchased by and issued to him or her. 
        15.    Rights Not Transferable.    Rights under the Plan are not transferable by a Participant other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution, and are exercisable during the Participant's lifetime only by the Participant. 
        16.    Application of Funds.    All funds received or held by the Company under the Plan may be combined with other corporate funds and may be used for any corporate purpose. 
        17.    Adjustment in Case of Changes Affecting Shares; Change in Control.    
        (a)   In the event of a subdivision of outstanding Shares, the payment of a dividend in Shares or any other change affecting the Shares, the number of Shares approved for the Plan and the share limitation set forth in Section 8 shall be equitably or proportionately adjusted to give proper effect to such event. 
        (b)   In the event of a Change in Control, each outstanding Option will be assumed or an equivalent option substituted by the successor corporation or a Parent or Subsidiary of the successor corporation. In the event that the successor corporation refuses to assume or substitute for the Option, the Offering with respect to which such Option relates will be shortened by setting a new Exercise Date (the "New Exercise Date") on which such Offering Period shall end. The New Exercise Date will occur before the date of the proposed Change in Control. The Administrator will notify each Participant in writing or electronically prior to the New Exercise Date, that the Exercise Date for the Participant's Option has been changed to the New Exercise Date and that the Participant's Option will be exercised automatically on the New Exercise Date, 
C-5
Table of Contents unless prior to such date the Participant has withdrawn from the Offering as provided in Section 7 hereof. 
        18.    Amendment of the Plan.    The Board may at any time and from time to time amend the Plan in any respect, except that without the approval of the shareholders, no amendment shall be made increasing the number of Ordinary Shares approved for the Plan or making any other change that would require shareholder approval in order for the Plan, as amended, to qualify as an "employee stock purchase plan" under Section 423(b) of the Code. 
        19.    Insufficient Shares.    If the total number of Shares that would otherwise be purchased on any Exercise Date plus the number of Shares purchased under previous Offerings under the Plan exceeds the maximum number of Shares issuable under the Plan, the Shares then available shall be apportioned among Participants in proportion to the amount of payroll deductions accumulated on behalf of each Participant that would otherwise be used to purchase Shares on such Exercise Date. 
        20.    Termination of the Plan.    The Plan may be terminated at any time by the Board. Upon termination of the Plan, all amounts in the accounts of Participants shall be promptly refunded. 
        21.    Application of Hong Kong Listing Rules.    Solely for the purposes of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the "Listing Rules"), to the extent that the Plan is deemed to be an option plan for the purposes of Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules, the number of Shares purchased by a Participant pursuant to Section 8 (the "Purchased Shares") shall be deemed to comprise of (i) first, such number of Shares determined by dividing the Participant's accumulated payroll deductions on the Exercise Date by the higher of (A) the Fair Market Value of the Shares on the Offering Date and (B) the average Fair Market Value of the Shares on the five business days immediately preceding the Offering Date (the "Deemed Option Shares"), and (ii) the number of Shares determined by deducting the Deemed Option Shares from the Purchased Shares, which shall be deemed to be a share award by the Company. 
        22.    Governmental Regulations.    The Company's obligation to sell and deliver Shares under the Plan is subject to obtaining all governmental approvals required in connection with the authorization, issuance, or sale of such Shares. In the event that the Plan is terminated while any Option remains outstanding and unexercised, then any such Options shall lapse and be cancelled. 
        23.    Participants' Compliance with Laws.    Participants shall comply with all applicable laws and regulations with respect to their participation in the Plan. 
        24.    Governing Law.    This Plan and all Options and actions taken thereunder shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the Cayman Islands, applied without regard to conflict of law principles. In relation to any proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Plan, the Company and the Participants irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Cayman Islands courts. 
        25.    Issuance of Shares.    Shares may be issued upon exercise of an Option from authorized but unissued Shares, from Shares held in the treasury of the Company, or from any other proper source. 
        26.    Tax Withholding.    Participation in the Plan is subject to any minimum required tax and/or social security withholding on income of the Participant in connection with the Plan. Each Participant agrees, by entering the Plan, that the Company and its Subsidiaries shall have the right to deduct any such taxes and/or social security from any payment of any kind otherwise due to the Participant, including Shares issuable under the Plan. 
        27.    Notification Upon Sale of Shares.    Each Participant who is or may become subject to U.S. income tax agrees, by entering the Plan, to give the Company prompt notice of any disposition of Shares purchased under the Plan where such disposition occurs within two years after the date of grant 
C-6
Table of Contents of the Option pursuant to which such Shares were purchased or within one year after the date such Shares were purchased. 
        28.    Effective Date and Approval of Shareholders.    The Plan shall take effect on the later of the date it is adopted by the Board and the date it is approved by the holders of a majority of the votes cast at a meeting of shareholders at which a quorum is present (such date, the "Effective Date") and shall remain in effect for ten years from the Effective Date unless terminated earlier by the Board in accordance with Section 28. 
        DATE APPROVED BY SHAREHOLDERS: June 6, 2018 
        DATE OF APPROVAL OF AMENDED AND RESTATED PLAN BY BOARD OF DIRECTORS: August 7, 2018 
        DATE OF APPROVAL OF SECOND AMENDED AND RESTTED PLAN BY BOARD OF DIRECTORS: November 7, 2018 
        DATE OF APPROVAL OF SECOND AMENDED AND RESTTED PLAN BY SHAREHOLDERS: December 7, 2018 
C-7
Table of Contents 
    APPENDIX A         
     Designated Subsidiaries         
BeiGene (Hong Kong) Co., Limited 
BeiGene (Beijing) Co., Ltd. 
BeiGene AUS PTY LTD. 
BeiGene 101 
BeiGene (Suzhou) Co., Ltd. 
BeiGene USA, Inc. 
BeiGene Biologics Co., Ltd. 
BeiGene (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. 
BeiGene Guangzhou Biologics Manufacturing Co., Ltd. 
BeiGene (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd. 
BeiGene Pharmaceutical (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. 
BeiGene Switzerland GmbH 
BeiGene Ireland Limited 
C-8
Company No. 247127
BEIGENE, LTD.
(the "Company")
FORM OF PROXY
[BEGIN TABLE]
 I/We          
 Please Print Name(s)      
 of          
 Please Print Address(es)      
 being   (a) shareholder(s) of the Company, hereby appoint the Chairman of   the meeting or of          
 Please Print Name       Please Print Address      
[END TABLE]
as my/our proxy to vote for me/us and on my/our behalf at the extraordinary general meeting of the shareholders of the Company (the "EGM") to be held on December 7, 2018 at 8:30 a.m. local time at the Bullpen, Charles Unit 4A, The Albany, 127 South Ocean Boulevard, New Providence, The Bahamas and at any adjournment of the EGM.
The Board of Directors of the Company (the "Board of Directors") recommends a vote FOR resolutions 1 to 6.
My/Our proxy is instructed to vote on the resolutions specified below:
[BEGIN TABLE]
         For       Against       Abstain  
 Resolution 1  Special Resolution THAT the adoption of the   official Chinese company name 百济神州有限公司   for BeiGene, Ltd. be and is hereby approved and adopted.       o       o       o  
 Resolution 1  Special Resolution THAT the adoption of the   official Chinese company name 百济神州有限公司   for BeiGene, Ltd. be and is hereby approved and adopted.       o       o       o  
 Resolution 2 — Special Resolution THAT the Fifth Amended and   Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company be and are   hereby approved and adopted.       o       o       o  
 Resolution 3 — Ordinary Resolution THAT the granting of a share   issue mandate to the Board of Directors to issue, allot or deal with unissued   ordinary shares and/or American Depositary Shares not exceeding 20% of the   total number of issued ordinary shares of the Company as at the date of passing   of this ordinary resolution up to the next annual general meeting of the   Company be and is hereby approved.       o       o       o  
 Resolution 4 — Ordinary Resolution THAT the Company and its   underwriters be and are hereby authorized, at their sole discretion, to   allocate to each of Baker Bros. Advisors LP and Hillhouse Capital   Management, Ltd. and parties affiliated with each of them (the "Existing   Shareholders"), up to a maximum amount of shares in order to maintain the   same shareholding percentage of each of the Existing Shareholders (based on   the then-outstanding share capital of the Company) before and after the   allocation of the corresponding securities issued pursuant to an offering   conducted pursuant to the general mandate set forth in Resolution 3 for a   period of five years, which period will be subject to an extension on a   rolling basis each year.       o       o       o  
 Resolution 5 — Ordinary Resolution THAT the BeiGene, Ltd.   Second Amended and Restated 2016 Share Option and Incentive Plan be and is   hereby approved and adopted.       o       o       o  
 Resolution 6 — Ordinary Resolution THAT the BeiGene, Ltd.   Second Amended and Restated 2018 Employee Share Purchase Plan be and is   hereby approved and adopted.       o       o       o  
[END TABLE]
Please tick to indicate your voting preference.  If you do not complete this section, your proxy will: (i) vote in the manner recommended by the Board of Directors on the above matters presented in the proxy statement dated on or about November 8, 2018 provided with this proxy form (the "Proxy Statement"); and (ii) vote or abstain at his/her discretion with respect to any other matters properly presented at the EGM.
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Signed:           Date:         , 2018  
 Name:              
[END TABLE]
NOTES
1.     This proxy is solicited by the Board of Directors.  A proxy need not be a shareholder of the Company.  A member may appoint a proxy of his/her own choice.  If you wish to appoint someone else, please delete the words "the Chairman of the meeting" and insert the name of the person whom you wish to appoint in the space provided.  The Chairman of the meeting will act as your proxy, whether or not such deletion is made, if no other name is inserted.
2.     If this form is returned without an indication as to how the proxy shall vote, the proxy will (i) vote in the manner recommended by the Board of Directors on the above matters presented in the Proxy Statement and (ii) vote or abstain at his/her discretion with respect to any other matters properly presented at the EGM.
3.     If you mark the box "abstain", it will mean that your proxy will abstain from voting and, accordingly, your vote will not be counted either for or against the relevant resolution.
4.     This form of proxy is for use by shareholders only.  If the appointor is a corporate entity this form of proxy must either be under its seal or under the hand of an officer or attorney duly authorized for that purpose.
5.     To be valid, this form must be properly executed, dated and lodged (together with a duly signed and dated power of attorney or other authority (if any) under which it is executed (or a notarially certified copy or such power of attorney or other authority)) as follows:
a.     Persons who hold our ordinary shares directly on our Cayman Islands register of members on the record date must return a proxy card (i) by mail or by hand to the offices of our registrar in the Cayman Islands (the "Cayman Registrar"): Mourant Governance Services (Cayman) Limited, 94 Solaris Avenue, Camana Bay, Grand Cayman KY1-1108, Cayman Islands, or (ii) by email at BeiGene@mourant.com.
b.     Persons who hold our ordinary shares directly on our Hong Kong register of members on the record date must return a proxy card by mail or by hand to the offices of our registrar in Hong Kong (the "HK Registrar"): Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, 17M Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen's Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong.
so as to be received before 5:00 p.m. Hong Kong Time on December 4, 2018.
6.     Any alterations made to this form must be initialled by you.
7.     You may revoke your proxy by (i) re-submitting this proxy form by mail or email or by hand before 5:00 p.m. Hong Kong Time on December 4, 2018 or (ii) attending the EGM and voting in person.  Any written notice of revocation or subsequent proxy card must be received by the Cayman Registrar or the HK Registrar, as applicable, prior to 5:00 p.m. Hong Kong Time on December 4, 2018.  Such written notice of revocation or subsequent proxy card should be sent to the Cayman Registrar or the Hong Kong Registrar, as applicable, by mail or email or by hand.
8.     The completion and return of this form will not prevent you from attending the EGM and voting in person should you so wish, although attendance at the EGM will not in and of itself revoke this proxy.
9.     In the case of joint holders, signature of any one holder will be sufficient, but the names of all the joint holders should be stated.  The vote of the senior holder (according to the order in which the names stand in the register of members in respect of the holding) who tenders a vote in person or by proxy will be accepted to the exclusion of the vote(s) of the other joint holder(s).
 