
UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
SCHEDULE 14A
(Rule 14a-101)
INFORMATION REQUIRED IN PROXY STATEMENT
SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION
Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934
(Amendment No. )
Filed by the Registrant ☒
Filed by a Party other than the Registrant ☐
Check the appropriate box:
[BEGIN TABLE]
(Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)  
(Name of Persons(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if Other Than the Registrant)  
[END TABLE]
Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box):
☐          Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing for which the offsetting fee was paid previously. Identify the previous filing by registration statement number, or the form or schedule and the date of its filing.
BIGLARI HOLDINGS INC. 
17802 IH 10 West, Suite 400
SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 78257
NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
April 25, 2019
To the Shareholders of Biglari Holdings Inc.:
You are cordially invited to attend the annual meeting (the "Annual Meeting") of the shareholders of Biglari Holdings Inc. (the "Corporation" or "Biglari Holdings") to be held at The St. Regis Hotel, Two East 55th Street at Fifth Avenue, New York, New York 10022, on April 25, 2019, at 1:00 p.m., Eastern Daylight Time, for the following purposes:
The Board has fixed the close of business on March 18, 2019 as the record date for determining which shareholders have the right to vote at the Annual Meeting or at any adjournment thereof.
You may either vote by telephone or by Internet by following the instructions on the enclosed proxy card, or sign, date and return the enclosed proxy card in the postage-paid envelope provided. If you are a beneficial owner or you hold your shares in "street name," please follow the voting instructions provided by your bank, broker or other nominee.
We look forward to seeing you at the Annual Meeting.
San Antonio, Texas 
March 29, 2019 
[BEGIN TABLE]
   If you          are a shareholder of record and if you plan to attend the meeting, you must present a valid picture identification to          be admitted to the meeting. If you are a beneficial shareholder (i.e., shares held through a brokerage account) and plan          to attend the meeting, you must present valid picture identification and show a valid proof of ownership of shares by          presenting any of the following: (1) a copy of a brokerage statement, (2) a legal proxy, (3) a letter from the broker          confirming ownership of shares, or (4) an admission ticket which can be obtained by registering in advance of the meeting          at www.proxyvote.com/register. Shareholders may bring up to two guests; however, each guest must be registered          by the shareholder at www.proxyvote.com/register as well as present valid picture identification along with the          admission ticket. Seating will begin at 12:00 p.m. Cameras, recording devices, and other electronic devices will not be          permitted at the meeting.   
   If you          are a shareholder of record and if you plan to attend the meeting, you must present a valid picture identification to          be admitted to the meeting. If you are a beneficial shareholder (i.e., shares held through a brokerage account) and plan          to attend the meeting, you must present valid picture identification and show a valid proof of ownership of shares by          presenting any of the following: (1) a copy of a brokerage statement, (2) a legal proxy, (3) a letter from the broker          confirming ownership of shares, or (4) an admission ticket which can be obtained by registering in advance of the meeting          at www.proxyvote.com/register. Shareholders may bring up to two guests; however, each guest must be registered          by the shareholder at www.proxyvote.com/register as well as present valid picture identification along with the          admission ticket. Seating will begin at 12:00 p.m. Cameras, recording devices, and other electronic devices will not be          permitted at the meeting.   
   If you          are a shareholder of record and if you plan to attend the meeting, you must present a valid picture identification to          be admitted to the meeting. If you are a beneficial shareholder (i.e., shares held through a brokerage account) and plan          to attend the meeting, you must present valid picture identification and show a valid proof of ownership of shares by          presenting any of the following: (1) a copy of a brokerage statement, (2) a legal proxy, (3) a letter from the broker          confirming ownership of shares, or (4) an admission ticket which can be obtained by registering in advance of the meeting          at www.proxyvote.com/register. Shareholders may bring up to two guests; however, each guest must be registered          by the shareholder at www.proxyvote.com/register as well as present valid picture identification along with the          admission ticket. Seating will begin at 12:00 p.m. Cameras, recording devices, and other electronic devices will not be          permitted at the meeting.   
[END TABLE]
BIGLARI HOLDINGS INC. 
17802 IH 10 West, Suite 400
SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 78257
PROXY STATEMENT FOR  ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS  TO BE HELD ON APRIL 25, 2019
This proxy statement is furnished in connection with the solicitation by the Board of Directors (the "Board") of Biglari Holdings Inc. (hereinafter  "we", "our", "Biglari Holdings", "Corporation" or "Company") of proxies in the accompanying form for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held at The St. Regis Hotel, Two East 55th Street at Fifth Avenue, New York, New York 10022, on April 25, 2019, at 1:00 p.m., Eastern Daylight Time, and at any adjournment or postponement thereof (the "Annual Meeting"). 
GENERAL INFORMATION
This proxy statement and the enclosed form of proxy are first being sent to shareholders on or about April 1, 2019. If the form of proxy enclosed herewith is executed and returned as requested, it may nevertheless be revoked at any time prior to exercise by filing an instrument revoking it with our Corporate Secretary or submitting a duly executed proxy bearing a later date. Solicitation of proxies is made by the Corporation and will be made solely by mail at the Corporation's expense. The Corporation will reimburse brokerage firms, banks, trustees and others for their actual out-of-pocket expenses in forwarding proxy material to the beneficial owners of its common stock.
As of the close of business on March 18, 2019, the record date for the Annual Meeting, the Corporation had outstanding and entitled to vote 206,864.1 shares of Class A common stock. Only shareholders of record of Class A common stock at the close of business on March 18, 2019 are entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting or at any adjournment thereof. Each share of Class A common stock is entitled to one vote per share on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders of the Corporation.
The presence at the meeting, in person or by proxy, of the holders of Class A common stock holding in the aggregate a majority of the voting power of the Corporation's Class A common stock entitled to vote shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business.
A plurality of the votes properly cast for the election of directors by the holders of Class A common stock attending the meeting, in person or by proxy, will elect directors to office. The affirmative vote of a majority of the Class A common stock present, in person or by proxy, is required to approve each of Proposal 2, ratification of the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for 2019, and Proposal 3, an advisory vote on executive compensation. Since Proposal 4 is an advisory vote to recommend the frequency of future votes on executive compensation, the frequency receiving the greatest number of votes on Proposal 4 will be the advisory vote of the shareholders.
Shareholders may vote  "FOR" or "WITHHOLD" a vote for the election of directors, "FOR," "AGAINST" or "ABSTAIN" with respect to each other proposal (other than Proposal 4) submitted to shareholders at the Annual Meeting, and "EVERY 3 YEARS," "EVERY 2 YEARS," "EVERY 1 YEAR" or "ABSTAIN" with respect to Proposal 4, the advisory vote to recommend the frequency of future advisory votes on executive compensation. Abstentions will count for purposes of establishing a quorum, but will not count as votes cast on a proposal. Accordingly, abstentions will have no effect on the election of directors or the outcome of Proposal 4 and are the equivalent of an "against" vote on matters requiring a majority of the Class A common stock to decide the question. Broker non-votes will also count for purposes of establishing a quorum, but will not count as votes cast for the election of directors and accordingly will have no effect. Since the proposal to ratify the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for 2019 is a "routine" matter under applicable rules, your broker may vote your shares for you on this proposal absent any other instructions from you. Broker non-votes will have no effect on the outcome of Proposals 3 and 4. Shareholders who send in proxies but attend the meeting in person may vote directly if they prefer and withdraw their proxies or may allow their proxies to be voted with the similar proxies sent in by other shareholders.
If you are a shareholder of record and if you plan to attend the meeting, you must present a valid picture identification to be admitted to the meeting. If you are a beneficial shareholder (i.e., shares held through a brokerage account) and plan to attend the meeting, you must present valid picture identification and show a valid proof of ownership of shares by presenting any of the following: (1) a copy of a brokerage statement, (2) a legal proxy, (3) a letter from the broker confirming ownership of shares, or (4) an admission ticket which can be obtained by registering in advance of the meeting at www.proxyvote.com/register. Shareholders may bring up to two guests; however, each guest must be registered by the shareholder at www.proxyvote.com/register as well as present valid picture identification along with the admission ticket. If we cannot verify that you own Biglari Holdings shares or are a registered guest, you will not be admitted to the meeting.
IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS FOR THE ANNUAL MEETING TO BE HELD ON APRIL 25, 2019.
The Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on April 25, 2019 and the Corporation's 2018 Annual Report to Shareholders are available at www.biglariholdings.com/annualmeeting and www.proxyvote.com. 
PROPOSAL ONE:    ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
Director Nominees
At the Annual Meeting, a Board consisting of five members will be elected until the next annual meeting.
Upon the recommendation of the Governance, Compensation and Nominating Committee, the members of the Board have nominated for election five current directors of the Corporation, three of whom are "independent" within the meaning of the listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange.
Information with respect to our nominees for election as directors, including the experience, qualifications, attributes and skills that led to the selection of each nominee by the Governance, Compensation and Nominating Committee, is contained in the following table:
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Name  Age  Business          Experience 
 Sardar Biglari   41 Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Biglari Holdings since 2008. In addition, Mr. Biglari has served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Biglari Capital Corp. ("Biglari Capital") since 2000. Biglari Capital is the general partner of The Lion Fund, L.P. and The Lion Fund II, L.P., private investment partnerships. Mr. Biglari is the sole owner of Biglari Capital. Mr. Biglari has also served as a director of CCA Industries, Inc. ("CCA Industries"), a manufacturer and marketer of health and beauty aids, from August 2011 to July 2014 and since October 2015. He also served as a director of Insignia Systems, Inc. ("Insignia Systems"), a developer and marketer of innovative point-of-purchase in-store products, programs and services, from December 2015 to March 2017, including as its Co-Chairman from January 2016 to March 2017. Mr. Biglari is an entrepreneur with extensive managerial and investing experience in a broad range of businesses.   
 Sardar Biglari   41 Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Biglari Holdings since 2008. In addition, Mr. Biglari has served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Biglari Capital Corp. ("Biglari Capital") since 2000. Biglari Capital is the general partner of The Lion Fund, L.P. and The Lion Fund II, L.P., private investment partnerships. Mr. Biglari is the sole owner of Biglari Capital. Mr. Biglari has also served as a director of CCA Industries, Inc. ("CCA Industries"), a manufacturer and marketer of health and beauty aids, from August 2011 to July 2014 and since October 2015. He also served as a director of Insignia Systems, Inc. ("Insignia Systems"), a developer and marketer of innovative point-of-purchase in-store products, programs and services, from December 2015 to March 2017, including as its Co-Chairman from January 2016 to March 2017. Mr. Biglari is an entrepreneur with extensive managerial and investing experience in a broad range of businesses.   
 Philip L. Cooley   75 Vice Chairman of the Board of Biglari Holdings since April 2009 and a director since March 2008. Prassel Distinguished Professor of Business at Trinity University, San Antonio, Texas, from 1985 until his retirement in May 2012. Served as an advisory director of Biglari Capital since 2000. Director of CCA Industries from August 2011 to July 2014 and since October 2015. He also served as a director of Insignia Systems from December 2015 to March 2017. Mr. Cooley has extensive business and investment knowledge and experience. He also has experience serving on the boards of directors of public companies. 
 Philip L. Cooley   75 Vice Chairman of the Board of Biglari Holdings since April 2009 and a director since March 2008. Prassel Distinguished Professor of Business at Trinity University, San Antonio, Texas, from 1985 until his retirement in May 2012. Served as an advisory director of Biglari Capital since 2000. Director of CCA Industries from August 2011 to July 2014 and since October 2015. He also served as a director of Insignia Systems from December 2015 to March 2017. Mr. Cooley has extensive business and investment knowledge and experience. He also has experience serving on the boards of directors of public companies. 
[END TABLE]
The Governance, Compensation and Nominating Committee of the Board has concluded that the following directors are independent in accordance with the director independence standards of the New York Stock Exchange, and has determined that none of them has a material relationship with the Corporation which would impair his or her independence from management or otherwise compromise his or her ability to act as an independent director: Kenneth R. Cooper, James P. Mastrian and Ruth J. Person.
When the accompanying proxy card is properly executed and returned, the shares it represents will be voted in accordance with the directions indicated thereon or, if no direction is indicated, the shares will be voted FOR the election of the five nominees identified above. Each of our nominees has consented to being named in this proxy statement and has agreed to serve, if elected. The Corporation expects each nominee to be able to serve if elected, but if any nominee notifies the Corporation before the Annual Meeting that he or she is unable to do so, then the proxies will be voted for the remainder of those nominated and, as designated by the directors, may be voted (i) for a substitute nominee or nominees or (ii) to elect such lesser number to constitute the whole Board as equals the number of nominees who are able to serve.
Our Board unanimously recommends that shareholders vote FOR each of the Company's five nominees for Director. 
Board Meetings, Committees and Nominations
The Board held three formal meetings and acted by written consent twice during 2018. Each director during 2018 attended all of the meetings of the Board and of the committees of the Board on which he or she served. Directors are encouraged but not required to attend annual meetings of the Corporation's shareholders. Sardar Biglari, Philip L. Cooley, Kenneth R. Cooper, James P. Mastrian and Ruth J. Person attended the 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. The Board of Directors has not named a lead independent director. However, two executive sessions of independent directors were held in 2018. Kenneth R. Cooper presided over the executive sessions.
The Board has established an Audit Committee in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). The 2018 Audit Committee consisted of Kenneth R. Cooper, James P. Mastrian and Ruth J. Person. The Board determined that each of James P. Mastrian and Ruth J. Person meet the definition of "audit committee financial expert" as that term is used in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Exchange Act. All current members of the Audit Committee meet the criteria for independence set forth in Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act and in Section 303A of the New York Stock Exchange Listed Company Manual. The Audit Committee assists the Board with oversight of a) the integrity of the Corporation's financial statements; b) the Corporation's compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; and c) the qualifications and independence of the Corporation's independent public accountants and the Corporation's internal audit function. The Audit Committee meets periodically with the Corporation's independent public accountants, internal auditors and members of management and reviews the Corporation's accounting policies and internal controls. The Audit Committee also selects the firm of independent public accountants to be retained by the Corporation to perform the audit. The Audit Committee held four formal meetings and acted by written consent once during 2018. The Audit Committee Charter is available on the Corporation's website at www.biglariholdings.com and may also be obtained at no charge by written request to the attention of the Secretary of the Corporation at 17802 IH 10 West, Suite 400, San Antonio, Texas 78257.
The Board has established a Governance, Compensation and Nominating Committee and adopted a charter to define and outline the responsibilities of its members. A copy of the Governance, Compensation and Nominating Committee Charter is available on the Corporation's website at www.biglariholdings.com and may also be obtained at no charge by written request to the attention of the Secretary of the Corporation at 17802 IH 10 West, Suite 400, San Antonio, Texas 78257. The 2018 Governance, Compensation and Nominating Committee consisted of Kenneth R. Cooper, James P. Mastrian and Ruth J. Person, all of whom are independent directors in accordance with the New York Stock Exchange director independence standards.
The role of the Governance, Compensation and Nominating Committee is to assist the Board by a) recommending governance guidelines applicable to the Corporation; b) identifying, evaluating and recommending the nomination of Board members; c) setting the compensation of the Corporation's Chief Executive Officer and performing other compensation oversight; d) reviewing related persons transactions; and e) assisting the Board with other related tasks, as assigned from time to time. The Governance, Compensation and Nominating Committee held one formal meeting and acted by written consent twice during 2018.
The Corporation does not have a policy regarding the consideration of diversity, however defined, in identifying nominees for director. Instead, in identifying director nominees, the Governance, Compensation and Nominating Committee looks for individuals who possess integrity, ownership mentality, business expertise and enterprise qualities that support an entrepreneurial culture. With respect to the selection of director nominees at the Annual Meeting, the Governance, Compensation and Nominating Committee recommended the Board nominate the five directors named in this proxy statement.
The Governance, Compensation and Nominating Committee has a policy under which it will consider recommendations presented by shareholders. A shareholder wishing to submit such a recommendation should send a letter to the Secretary of the Corporation at 17802 IH 10 West, Suite 400, San Antonio, Texas 78257. The mailing envelope must contain a clear notation that the enclosed letter is a "Director Nominee Recommendation". The Director Nominee Recommendation must be delivered to us not later than the 90th day nor earlier than the 120th day prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year's annual meeting. The letter must identify the author as a shareholder and provide a brief summary of the candidate's qualifications. At a minimum, candidates recommended for nomination to the Board must meet the director independence standards of the New York Stock Exchange. The Governance, Compensation and Nominating Committee's policy provides that candidates recommended by shareholders will be evaluated using the same criteria as are applied to all other candidates.
Board Leadership Structure and Role in Risk Oversight
Sardar Biglari is the Corporation's Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer as well as its controlling shareholder. The Corporation is a holding company owning subsidiaries engaged in a number of diverse business activities, including media, property and casualty insurance, and restaurants. The Corporation's largest operating subsidiaries are involved in the franchising and operating of restaurants. All major operating, investment, and capital allocation decisions are made for the Company and its subsidiaries by Mr. Biglari. Because of Biglari Holdings' corporate structure, along with the centralization of significant managerial and capital allocation decisions to Mr. Biglari, the most effective model for the Corporation is to designate Mr. Biglari as holding both positions of Chairman and Chief Executive. He is Biglari Holdings' largest shareholder, and through affiliated entities, beneficially owns shares of the Corporation that represent approximately 56.9% of the voting interest.
The full Board has responsibility for general oversight of relevant risks. Mr. Biglari bears responsibility for managing various risks faced by the Company. Furthermore, Mr. Biglari reviews with the Board relevant possible risks. In addition, as part of its Charter, the Audit Committee reviews and discusses the Corporation's policies concerning risk assessment and risk management.
Director Compensation
Directors of Biglari Holdings do not receive grants of Company stock. We do not issue stock options and restricted stock. Our view is that if directors wish to own Company stock, they, like all other shareholders, can purchase shares in the open market.
Directors of the Corporation who are employees do not receive fees for attendance at directors' meetings. During 2018, a director who was not an employee received an annual cash retainer of $60,000, and the Chairs of the Audit Committee and the Governance, Compensation and Nominating Committee each received an additional annual cash retainer of $5,000. For his role as Vice Chairman of the Board and such other duties as designated by the Board, Dr. Cooley received an annual cash retainer of $245,000. In addition, non-employee directors receive cash meeting attendance fees as follows:
The following table provides compensation information for 2018 for each non-management member of the Board who served on the Board during such year:
Meetings of Independent Directors
The Audit Committee and the Governance, Compensation and Nominating Committee are composed of independent directors of the Company. The Audit Committee held four meetings and the Governance, Compensation and Nominating Committee held one meeting during 2018. In addition, two executive sessions of the independent directors were held in 2018. A shareholder or other interested party wishing to contact the independent directors, as applicable, should send a letter to the Secretary of the Corporation at 17802 IH 10 West, Suite 400, San Antonio, Texas 78257. The mailing envelope should contain a clear notation that the enclosed letter is to be forwarded to the Corporation's independent directors.
Shareholder Communications with the Board
Shareholders who wish to communicate with the Board or a particular director may send a letter to the Secretary of the Corporation at 17802 IH 10 West, Suite 400, San Antonio, Texas 78257. The mailing envelope should contain a clear notation that the enclosed letter is a "Shareholder-Board Communication" or "Shareholder-Director Communication." All such letters should identify the author as a shareholder and clearly state whether the intended recipients are all members of the Board or just certain specified individual directors. The Secretary will make copies of all such letters and circulate them to the appropriate director or directors.
Corporate Governance Guidelines
The Board has adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines to promote effective governance of the Corporation. The Corporate Governance Guidelines are available on the Corporation's website at www.biglariholdings.com. A copy of the Corporate Governance Guidelines also may be obtained at no charge by written request to the attention of the Secretary of the Corporation at 17802 IH 10 West, Suite 400, San Antonio, Texas 78257.
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
The Corporation has adopted a Code of Conduct for all directors, officers and employees as well as directors, officers and employees of each of its subsidiaries. The Code of Conduct is available on the Corporation's website at www.biglariholdings.com. A copy of the Code of Conduct may also be obtained at no charge by written request to the attention of the Secretary of the Corporation at 17802 IH 10 West, Suite 400, San Antonio, Texas 78257. The Corporation intends to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K or applicable New York Stock Exchange rules regarding any amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of the Code of Conduct, if any, either by posting such information on the Corporation's website at www.biglariholdings.com or by filing a Current Report on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Executive Officers
Our executive officers are appointed annually by the Board, or at such interim times as circumstances may require. Other than Mr. Biglari, the only executive officer of the Corporation during 2018 was Bruce Lewis.
Mr. Lewis, age 54, joined the Company and was named Controller in January 2012.
PROPOSAL TWO:RATIFICATION OF SELECTION OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
The Audit Committee has selected Deloitte & Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for 2019. Deloitte & Touche LLP has served in that capacity since fiscal 2003. A representative of Deloitte & Touche LLP will be present at the Annual Meeting, will have an opportunity to make a statement if he or she desires to do so, and will be available to respond to questions.
If the shareholders do not ratify the selection of Deloitte & Touche LLP, the Audit Committee will reconsider its choice, taking into consideration the views of the shareholders, and may (but will not be required to) appoint a different firm to serve in that capacity for 2019.
Required Vote
If a quorum is present, approval of the ratification of Deloitte & Touche LLP as the Corporation's independent registered public accounting firm for 2019 will require the affirmative vote of a majority of the Class A common stock present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting.
Our Board unanimously recommends that shareholders vote FOR the ratification of the selection by the Audit Committee of Deloitte & Touche LLP as the Corporation's independent registered public accounting firm for 2019. Properly dated and signed proxies will be so voted unless shareholders specify otherwise.
PROPOSAL THREE:    ADVISORY VOTE ON EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
Background
The advisory vote on executive compensation is a non-binding vote on the compensation of the Corporation's Named Executive Officers, as disclosed in this proxy statement pursuant to the compensation disclosure rules promulgated by the SEC, including the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, the Summary Compensation Table and the other related tables and disclosure. The advisory vote on executive compensation is not a vote on the Corporation's general compensation policies, compensation of the Board, or the Corporation's compensation policies as they relate to risk management.
The Governance, Compensation and Nominating Committee believes the Corporation's executive compensation program, including the Incentive Agreement with Mr. Biglari, reflects a pay-for-performance philosophy. The basic idea is to tie compensation with shareholders' long-term interests. We have chosen an unconventional compensation that we believe achieves an objective consistent with the interests of long-term shareholders. The Compensation Discussion and Analysis section starting on page 11 of this proxy statement provides a more detailed discussion of the Corporation's executive compensation policies and practices.
Non-Binding Advisory Resolution
We are asking our shareholders to indicate their support for the Company's executive compensation program as described in this proxy statement. This proposal, commonly known as a "say-on-pay", gives our shareholders the opportunity to express their views on our Named Executive Officers' compensation. This advisory vote on executive compensation is not binding on the Board. This vote is not intended to address any specific item of compensation, but rather the overall compensation of our Named Executive Officers and the philosophy, policies and practices described in this proxy statement. Accordingly, we will ask our shareholders to vote FOR the following resolution at the Annual Meeting:
"RESOLVED, that the compensation paid to the Company's Named Executive Officers, as disclosed pursuant to the compensation disclosure rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, the compensation tables and any related material disclosed in this proxy statement is hereby APPROVED."
Required Vote
If a quorum is present, the affirmative vote of a majority of the Class A common stock present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting is required to approve this resolution.
Our Board recommends a vote FOR adoption of the advisory resolution approving the compensation of the Corporation's Named Executive Officers. Properly dated and signed proxies will be so voted unless shareholders specify otherwise.
PROPOSAL FOUR:
FREQUENCY OF FUTURE SAY-ON-PAY ADVISORY VOTES
Background
The Corporation is also providing shareholders an advisory vote on the frequency with which the Corporation's shareholders shall have the advisory vote on executive compensation provided for in Proposal 3 above. For convenience, in this Proposal 4 the shareholders' advisory vote on executive compensation provided for in Proposal 3 above is referred to as the "say-on-pay vote".
The advisory vote on the frequency of the say-on-pay vote is a non-binding vote as to how often the say-on-pay vote should occur: every year, every two years, or every three years.  In addition, shareholders may abstain from voting. 
The Board believes that a triennial frequency (i.e., every three years) is the optimal frequency for the say-on-pay vote. Therefore, the Board recommends that you vote FOR a triennial interval for the advisory say-on-pay vote. The Board supports a triennial vote because the Corporation's executive compensation policies and practices are designed to maximize long-term value. This advisory vote on the frequency of the say-on-pay vote is not binding on the Board.
Non-Binding Advisory Resolution
We are asking our shareholders to vote on the following resolution:
"RESOLVED, that the option of once every one year, two years, or three years that receives the highest number of votes cast for this resolution will be determined to be the preferred frequency with which Biglari Holdings Inc. (the "Corporation") is to hold a shareholder vote to approve the compensation of the Corporation's Named Executive Officers, as disclosed in the Corporation's proxy statement for annual meetings of shareholders pursuant to the compensation disclosure rules promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, the Summary Compensation Table and the other related tables and disclosure."
 Required Vote
If a quorum is present, the frequency option of every one year, two years or three years that receives the greatest number of votes on this Proposal 4 will be the advisory vote on the frequency for the advisory vote on executive compensation.
Our Board recommends a vote FOR the option of every THREE YEARS for the frequency with which shareholders are provided an advisory vote on the compensation of the Corporation's Named Executive Officers.  Properly dated and signed proxies will be so voted unless shareholders specify otherwise.  Shareholders are not voting to approve or disapprove the Board's recommendation.  Shareholders may choose among the choices included in the resolutions set forth above.
EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
Compensation Discussion and Analysis
The Compensation Discussion and Analysis is designed to provide shareholders with a better understanding of our compensation philosophy, core principles, and decision-making process. It explains the compensation-related actions taken regarding the executive officers identified in the Summary Compensation Table (the "Named Executive Officers"). Details regarding the compensation we paid to the Named Executive Officers for 2018 are found in the tables and narrative that follow them.
Executive Summary
Biglari Holdings is not a conventional company. Our compensation system is idiosyncratic to Biglari Holdings. The Company is composed of two distinct components: operating businesses and investments. The Company conducts its operations through its wholly-owned subsidiaries: Steak n Shake Inc., Western Sizzlin Corporation, First Guard Insurance Company, and Maxim Inc. As CEO of Biglari Holdings, Mr. Biglari oversees the Company's operating businesses. We have designed a compensation system that ties Mr. Biglari's compensation to the performance of the operating businesses.
The Company holds its investments mainly by means of limited partner interests in The Lion Fund, L.P. and The Lion Fund II, L.P. (the "investment partnerships"). The investment partnerships are managed by Biglari Capital, a private investment firm founded and owned by Mr. Biglari. As Chairman of Biglari Capital, the general partner of these investment partnerships, he is responsible for their investment activities. The fees paid to the general partner are tied to the performance of the investment partnerships.
Compensation of Chief Executive Officer
Chief Executive Officer Compensation for Managing the Operating Businesses
In his capacity as CEO of the Company, Mr. Biglari earned $900,000 in total direct compensation for 2018. Mr. Biglari's salary has not been increased since 2009.
Incentive Agreement
Philosophy. In designing the Company's incentive agreement with Mr. Biglari (the "Incentive Agreement"), the Governance, Compensation and Nominating Committee of the Board (the "Committee") sought to embody the pay-for-performance ethos of the Company. The Company's singular long-term objective is to maximize its per-share intrinsic value. The Company believes that an increase in intrinsic value will eventually be reflected in its stock price. Therefore, the Committee believes it is most appropriate to determine Mr. Biglari's compensation for our operating businesses by reference to a return on equity methodology. Adjustments are made to the metric so that Mr. Biglari is compensated solely for the Company's true economic gains.
Incentive Design. The Incentive Agreement establishes a performance-based annual incentive payment for Mr. Biglari contingent upon the growth in adjusted equity in each year attributable to our operating businesses. Adjustments are made to changes in shareholders' equity so the Committee measures the Company's economic performance and thus is unaffected by non-economic factors.
In order for Mr. Biglari to receive any incentive, our operating businesses must achieve an annual increase in shareholders' equity in excess of 6% (the  "Hurdle Rate") above the previous highest level (the "High Water Mark"). Mr. Biglari will receive 25% of any incremental book value created above the High Water Mark plus the Hurdle Rate. In any year in which book value declines, our operating businesses must completely recover their deficit from the previous High Water Mark, along with attaining the Hurdle Rate, before Mr. Biglari becomes eligible to receive any further incentive payment.
The Incentive Agreement was amended on March 26, 2019 to remove the $10,000,000 annual limitation on Mr. Biglari's incentive compensation and the requirement of Mr. Biglari to use 30% of his incentive payments to purchase shares of the Company, in consideration for the elimination of the change of control and severance provisions contained in the Incentive Agreement and the termination of the License Agreement with Mr. Biglari. The March 26, 2019 amendment is effective in 2019. See "Related Person Transactions".
2018 Incentive Payout. Mr. Biglari did not receive an incentive payment for 2018.
For 2017, Mr. Biglari received an incentive fee of $7,353,250 primarily attributable to net earnings of $50,071,000. Net earnings included an income tax benefit of $53,545,000 derived from a reduction in deferred tax liability related to the Corporation's significant unrealized gains on marketable securities.    
Mr. Biglari did not receive an incentive payment for 2016.
Our executive compensation philosophy is intended to reward and promote such long-term growth for the benefit of all shareholders.
The CEO incentive payment is reviewed by the Committee and its advisors.
Investments in The Lion Fund Investment Partnerships
The Company holds its investments mainly through limited partner interests in the investment partnerships. The general partner of the investment partnerships does not charge Biglari Holdings management fees, only a performance fee; therefore, its fees are predicated solely on investment gains, not on assets under management. Income from the investment partnerships is excluded in the calculation of Mr. Biglari's incentive compensation under the Incentive Agreement. In other words, there is no "double dipping" with fees paid at the partnership level and then at the holding company level. The investments in the investment partnerships are more fully described under "Related Person Transactions".
Compensation of Controller
The Committee has charged Mr. Biglari with the responsibility of reviewing and determining the compensation of other executive officers, including senior executives of the Company's major subsidiaries. Factors considered are typically subjective, such as the executive's performance and any changes in that executive's functional responsibilities, which were the primary factors used in determining the compensation for the Company's Controller, Bruce Lewis.
We may also utilize different incentive arrangements, with their terms dependent upon such elements as the economic potential or capital intensity of the business. The incentives could be large and will always be tied to the operating results for which an executive exercises authority.
Employment Agreements, Severance, and Change-in-Control Arrangements
Neither Mr. Biglari nor Mr. Lewis has an employment agreement with the Company and neither has been granted or holds any stock options or restricted stock awards from the Company. The Corporation does not grant any stock options or other awards.
Mr. Biglari's Incentive Agreement has been amended to remove the change-in-control and severance provisions effective 2019. As such, neither Mr. Biglari nor Mr. Lewis has a severance or change-in-control arrangement.
Summary Compensation Information
The following table discloses the compensation received for the three years ended December 31, 2018 by the Corporation's Chief Executive Officer and its Controller.
SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE
Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table
As referenced in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section, Mr. Biglari, as CEO of the Company, oversees all aspects of its restaurant, insurance and media properties. Fees paid to entities owned by Mr. Biglari in 2018 are fully described under "Related Person Transactions".
Pay Ratio
As required by Section 953(b) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, and Item 402(u) of Regulation S-K, we are providing the following information about the relationship of the annual total compensation of our domestic employees and the annual total compensation of Mr. Biglari, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.
The median employee was determined using 2018 W-2 wages for all U.S. employees and equivalent taxable compensation for all non-U.S. employees were excluded. The median employee determination included all domestic employees who were employed at December 31, 2018. The compensation of the median employee was $10,636. Our median employee works part time. Therefore, the ratio of the Chief Executive Officer's compensation ($900,000) to the median employee (i.e., part time) was approximately 85 to 1.
Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance
Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the Corporation's officers and directors, and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class of the Corporation's equity securities, to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC and the New York Stock Exchange. Officers, directors and greater than ten-percent shareholders are required by SEC regulation to furnish the Corporation with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file.
Based solely on its review of the copies of such forms received by it, and written representations from certain reporting persons that no Section 16(a) forms were required for those persons, the Corporation believes that during 2018 all filing requirements applicable to its officers, directors and greater than ten-percent shareholders were complied with. 
COMPENSATION COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER PARTICIPATION
During 2018, the Governance, Compensation and Nominating Committee of the Board consisted of Kenneth R. Cooper, Ruth J. Person and James P. Mastrian. None of these individuals has at any time been an officer or employee of the Corporation. During 2018, none of our executive officers served as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee of any entity for which a member of our Board or Governance, Compensation and Nominating Committee served as an executive officer.
GOVERNANCE, COMPENSATION, AND NOMINATING COMMITTEE REPORT
The Governance, Compensation and Nominating Committee of the Board (the "Committee") is currently composed of the persons identified below. The Committee has reviewed and discussed with management the Compensation Discussion and Analysis contained in this proxy statement on pages 11 to 13. Based on the Committee's review and discussions with management, it recommended to the Board that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in this proxy statement.
Submitted by the members of the Committee.
Kenneth R. Cooper, Chairman
James P. Mastrian
Ruth J. Person
AMOUNT AND NATURE OF BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP 
Security Ownership of Directors and Management
The following table shows the total number of shares of our Class A and Class B common stock beneficially owned as of March 18, 2019 and the percentage of outstanding shares for (i) each director, (ii) each Named Executive Officer, and (iii) all directors and executive officers, as a group:
Security Ownership of 5% Beneficial Owners
The following table shows as of March 18, 2019 the number and percentage of outstanding shares of our Class A common stock beneficially owned by each person or entity known to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our Class A common stock:
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Name &          Address of Beneficial Owner  Amount          and Nature of Beneficial Ownership  Percent          of Class 
 Biglari Capital Corp.           17802 IH 10 West, Suite 400 San Antonio, TX 78257 117,770.8 (1) 56.9% 
 Biglari Capital Corp.           17802 IH 10 West, Suite 400 San Antonio, TX 78257 117,770.8 (1) 56.9% 
 GAMCO Investors, Inc. One Corporate Center Rye, NY 10580-1435 19,601.0 (2) 9.5% 
 GAMCO Investors, Inc. One Corporate Center Rye, NY 10580-1435 19,601.0 (2) 9.5% 
 GAMCO Investors, Inc. One Corporate Center Rye, NY 10580-1435 19,601.0 (2) 9.5% 
 The Vanguard Group 100 Vanguard Blvd. Malvern, PA 19355 10,672.0 (3) 5.2% 
 The Vanguard Group 100 Vanguard Blvd. Malvern, PA 19355 10,672.0 (3) 5.2% 
 The Vanguard Group 100 Vanguard Blvd. Malvern, PA 19355 10,672.0 (3) 5.2% 
[END TABLE]
RELATED PERSON TRANSACTIONS
Policy Regarding Related Person Transactions
The Governance, Compensation and Nominating Committee (the "Committee") reviews each related person transaction (as defined below) and determines whether it will approve or ratify that transaction based on whether the transaction is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders. Any Board member who has any interest (actual or perceived) will not be involved in the consideration.
A "related person transaction" is any transaction, arrangement or relationship in which we are a participant, the related person (defined below) had, has or will have a direct or indirect material interest and the aggregate amount involved is expected to exceed $120,000 in any calendar year. "Related person" includes (a) any person who is or was (at any time during the last fiscal year) an officer, director or nominee for election as a director; (b) any person or group who is a beneficial owner of more than 5% of our voting securities; (c) any immediate family member of a person described in provisions (a) or (b) of this sentence; or (d) any entity in which any of the foregoing persons is employed, is a partner or has a greater than 5% beneficial ownership interest.
In determining whether a related person transaction will be approved or ratified, the Committee may consider factors such as (a) the extent of the related person's interest in the transaction; (b) the availability of other sources of comparable products or services; (c) whether the terms are competitive with terms generally available in similar transactions with persons that are not related persons; (d) the benefit to us; and (e) the aggregate value of the transaction.
Related Person Transactions
Investments in the Investment Partnerships
Since the year 2000, Mr. Biglari has served as Chairman of Biglari Capital, general partner of the investment partnerships. Biglari Capital is solely owned by Mr. Biglari.
Biglari Capital, in its capacity as general partner, receives an annual incentive reallocation equal to 25% of the net profits allocated to the limited partners of the investment partnerships in excess of their applicable hurdle rate of 6% subject to a high-water mark. Unlike the typical arrangement in the industry, Biglari Capital does not receive any fees based on assets under management; its fees are predicated solely on investment gains.
Mr. Biglari stated in his 2015 letter to shareholders: "Our incentive system differs from that of most investment managers, whose compensation is tied to the level of assets under management. Regardless of whether an investor makes or loses money, the investment manager is guaranteed significant income. A typical manager's incentive is to earn a return on his capital, rather than a return on his investors' capital. In addition, a hedge fund manager may charge both a large management fee, 2% of assets, plus a significant contingent payment, 20% of profits — and usually absent a minimum hurdle rate." The Committee agrees with this view and believes that the incentive reallocation under the terms of the investment partnership agreements is favorable.
An incentive reallocation to Biglari Capital is determined as of December 31 of each year. No incentive reallocation was earned in 2018 and 2017. Based on Biglari Holdings' $281 million of earnings from the investment partnerships for 2016, the incentive reallocation from Biglari Holdings to Biglari Capital was $31.6 million.
Services Agreement
During 2017, the Company entered into a services agreement with Biglari Enterprises LLC and Biglari Capital (collectively, the "Biglari Entities") under which the Biglari Entities provide business and administrative related services to the Company. The Biglari Entities are owned by Mr. Biglari. The services agreement has a five-year term, effective on October 1, 2017. The fixed fee is $700,000 per month for the first year with adjustments in years two through five. The Company paid Biglari Enterprises $8,400,000 in service fees during 2018. The monthly fee will remain at $700,000 during 2019. The services agreement does not alter the hurdle rate connected with the incentive reallocation paid to Biglari Capital by the Company.
License Agreement
During 2013, the Company entered into a Trademark License Agreement (the "License Agreement") with Mr. Biglari. The license under the License Agreement was provided on a royalty-free basis in the absence of specified extraordinary events. The Company and its subsidiaries paid no royalties to Mr. Biglari under the License Agreement since its inception. The License Agreement has been terminated by the Company in exchange for removing the annual $10,000,000 limitation under Mr. Biglari's Incentive Agreement with the Company. The removal of the $10,000,000 cap is effective 2019.
Services Provided by Family Members of Mr. Biglari
Shawn Biglari, Sardar Biglari's brother, is employed in business development for Steak n Shake. Shawn Biglari received $232,023 in compensation from the Company during 2018. Ken Biglari, Sardar Biglari's father, is a consultant to Steak n Shake. Ken Biglari received $160,000 in consulting fees from the Company during 2018.
Except as set forth above, there are no transactions that would be required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Exchange Act.
INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS
Deloitte & Touche LLP has advised us that they have billed or will bill us the following amounts for services for 2018 and 2017.
Type of Fee	 2017
The Audit Committee's policy is to pre-approve all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm. These services may include audit services, audit-related services, tax services and other services. Pre-approval is generally provided for up to one year and any pre-approval is detailed as to the particular service or category of services and is generally subject to a specific budget. The independent auditor and management are required to report periodically to the Audit Committee regarding the extent of services provided by the independent auditor in accordance with this pre-approval, and the fees for the services performed to date. The Audit Committee may also pre-approve particular services on a case-by-case basis. In each of 2018 and 2017, the Audit Committee pre-approved the services reported above.
REPORT OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE
The Audit Committee has reviewed and discussed the consolidated financial statements of the Corporation and its subsidiaries set forth in Item 8 of the Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 with management of the Corporation and Deloitte & Touche LLP, independent public accountants for the Corporation.
The Audit Committee has discussed with Deloitte & Touche LLP the matters required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and standards of the PCAOB, including those described in Auditing Standard No. 1301, "Communications with Audit Committees." In addition, the Audit Committee has received the written disclosures and the letter from Deloitte & Touche LLP required by the applicable PCAOB requirements for independent accountant communications with audit committees with respect to auditor independence and has discussed with Deloitte & Touche LLP its independence from the Corporation.
Based on the review and discussions with management of the Corporation and Deloitte & Touche LLP referred to above, the Audit Committee recommended to the Board that the Corporation include the consolidated financial statements of the Corporation and subsidiaries for the year ended December 31, 2018 in the Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018.
It is not the duty of the Audit Committee to plan or conduct audits or to determine that the Corporation's financial statements are complete and accurate and in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; that is the responsibility of management and the Corporation's independent public accountants. In giving its recommendation to the Board, the Audit Committee has relied on (i) management's representation that such financial statements have been prepared with integrity and objectivity and in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles and (ii) the reports of the Corporation's independent public accountants with respect to such financial statements.
Submitted by the members of the Audit Committee of the Board.
Kenneth R. Cooper, Chairman
James P. Mastrian
Ruth J. Person
SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
Certain statements contained in this proxy statement constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. We intend such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and are including this statement for purposes of invoking these safe harbor provisions. You can identify these statements from our use of the words  "plan," "forecast," "estimate," "project," "believe," "intend,"  "anticipate," "expect," "target," "is likely," "will," and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements may include, among other things:
Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from our expectations of future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. In addition, our past results of operations do not necessarily indicate our future results. We discuss these and other uncertainties in the "Risk Factors" section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, as may be updated in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to update publicly any of these statements in light of future events, except as required by law.
ANNUAL REPORT
A copy of the Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, as required to be filed with the SEC, excluding exhibits, will be mailed to shareholders without charge upon written request to the Secretary of the Corporation at 17802 IH 10 West, Suite 400, San Antonio, Texas 78257. Such request must set forth a good-faith representation that the requesting party was either a holder of record or a beneficial owner of the common stock of the Corporation on the record date for the Annual Meeting. Exhibits to the Form 10-K will be mailed upon similar request and payment of specified fees. The Corporation's Form 10-K is also available through the SEC's website (www.sec.gov).
PROPOSALS BY SHAREHOLDERS
Any shareholder proposal intended to be considered for inclusion in the proxy statement for presentation at the 2020 Annual Meeting must be received by the Corporation by December 3, 2019. The proposal must be in accordance with the provisions of Rule 14a-8 promulgated by the SEC under the Exchange Act.
In addition, the Company's Amended and Restated By-laws contain an advance notice provision requiring that, if a shareholder wants to present a proposal (including a nomination) at an annual meeting of shareholders, the shareholder must give timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation. To be timely, a shareholder's notice must be delivered to, or mailed and received at, the principal executive offices of the Corporation not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days prior to the one-year anniversary of the preceding year's annual meeting. Accordingly, for our 2020 annual meeting of shareholders, notice of a proposal (including a nomination) must be delivered to us no earlier than December 27, 2019 and no later than January 26, 2020. If the date of the annual meeting is more than 30 days before or more than 60 days after such anniversary date, notice by the shareholder to be timely must be so delivered, or mailed and received, not later than the 90th day prior to such annual meeting or, if later, the 10th day following the day on which public disclosure of the date of such annual meeting was first made.
OTHER MATTERS
As of the date of this proxy statement, our Board does not know of any matter that will be presented for consideration at the Annual Meeting other than as described in this proxy statement. As to other business that may properly come before the Annual Meeting, it is intended that proxies properly executed and returned will be voted in respect thereof at the discretion of the person voting the proxies in accordance with his best judgment.
San Antonio, Texas 
March 29, 