Table of Contents
UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
SCHEDULE 14A
Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No.    )
Filed by the Registrant x                              Filed by a Party other than the Registrant  o
Check the appropriate box:
Avis Budget Group, Inc.
(Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter)
(Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant)
Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box):
Table of Contents
March 26, 2019
Dear Fellow Shareholder:
You are cordially invited to attend the Annual Meeting of Shareholders of Avis Budget Group, Inc., which will be held at the offices of Kirkland & Ellis LLP, 601 Lexington Avenue, New York, New York, on May 22, 2019, at 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time. We look forward to greeting as many of our shareholders as possible.
This booklet includes the Notice of Annual Meeting and the Proxy Statement. The Proxy Statement describes the business to be conducted at the Annual Meeting and provides other information concerning our Company of which you should be aware when you vote your shares.
We look forward to greeting personally those shareholders who are able to be present at the Annual Meeting. However, regardless of whether you plan to be with us at the Annual Meeting, it is important that your shares be represented and voted at the meeting. Your vote is important to us.
On behalf of the Board of Directors and the employees of Avis Budget Group, Inc., we would like to thank you for being a shareholder and express our appreciation for your ongoing support of our Company.
Sincerely,
Larry D. De Shon
Chief Executive Officer, President and   Chief Operating Officer
Leonard S. Coleman  Chairman of the Board
Table of Contents
Notice of 2019 Annual Meeting of Shareholders
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the Annual Meeting of Shareholders of Avis Budget Group, Inc. (the "Company") will be held on May 22, 2019, at 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time, at the offices of Kirkland & Ellis LLP, 601 Lexington Avenue, New York, New York (the "Meeting"), to consider and vote upon the following matters:
The Board of Directors has fixed the close of business on March 25, 2019 as the record date for the Meeting. Only shareholders of record at that time are entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the Meeting and any adjournment or postponement thereof. A list of shareholders entitled to vote at the Meeting will be available for examination by any shareholder, for any purpose germane to the Meeting, at the Meeting and for ten days prior to the Meeting during ordinary business hours at 6 Sylvan Way, Parsippany, New Jersey 07054, the Company's principal place of business.
By Order of the Board of Directors
Jean M. Sera
Senior Vice President & Corporate Secretary
Dated: March 26, 2019
Table of Contents
Proxy Statement
Table of Contents
Table of Contents
2019 Proxy Statement Summary
This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this Proxy Statement, including under "Executive Compensation," which includes a definition and reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA. This summary does not contain all of the information that you should consider and you should read the entire Proxy Statement carefully before voting.
Annual Meeting of Shareholders
Voting Matters and Voting Recommendations
Corporate Governance Highlights
2018 Company Performance
We had a successful year in 2018. Revenue was $9.1 billion for 2018, reflecting growth of 3% compared to 2017 and representing our ninth consecutive year of revenue growth. Our net income was $165 million, and our Adjusted EBITDA was $781 million, consistent with the Company's expectations announced in early 2018. In 2018, we also returned capital to our shareholders through the repurchase of $200 million of our Common Stock, resulting in the repurchase of 5.9 million shares. Our closing stock price on December 31, 2018 was lower compared to our closing stock price on December 31, 2017, despite our achievements.
Table of Contents
2018 Compensation for our Named Executive Officers ("NEOs")
Setting 2018 Pay Levels
As part of the regular annual review process, the Committee considered 2017 financial performance, and market and other factors, and determined that no changes would be made to base salaries, and annual incentive and long-term incentive target opportunities for the Company's NEOs. Consistent with our past practice, more than 50% of our Chief Executive Officer's 2018 pay opportunity, at target, was performance-based, excluding amounts contained in the Summary Compensation Table under "All Other Compensation."
Alignment of 2018 Compensation with Performance
Our history of pay-for-performance alignment was evident in the compensation paid to our NEOs for 2018. Based on 2018 financial performance and individual performance, annual incentive program payouts ranged between 46% of target for our President, International and 139% of target for our President, Americas. Our CEO's annual incentive program payout was 103% of target. However, as a result of our three-year cumulative financial results, performance-based restricted stock unit awards ("PSUs") granted in 2015 did not vest in 2018 and were forfeited without payout.
Setting 2018 Performance Metrics
In 2017, the Committee approved an annual incentive program ("AIP") that was based on historical practice and thus included one-year Adjusted EBITDA as the sole metric. At the same time, the Committee approved a new long-term incentive program ("LTIP") for then NEOs based on Adjusted EBITDA margin, replacing the historical program, which included performance metrics based on three-year cumulative Adjusted EBITDA goals and a relative total-shareholder return modifier.
For 2018, the Committee approved PSU awards with a three-year cumulative Adjusted EBITDA performance metric. This decision was made based on a number of factors, including but not limited to the significant correlation between Adjusted EBITDA and the Company's stock price performance, and the Company's strategic goals. The Committee also changed the performance metrics in the AIP to include: Adjusted EBITDA, with a 50% weighting; Adjusted Free Cash Flow, with a 25% weighting; and an individual performance component, with a 25% weighting, as discussed in more detail under "Annual Incentive Awards."
Table of Contents
About the Annual Meeting
Why am I receiving these proxy materials?
The Board of Directors (the "Board") of Avis Budget Group, Inc. (the "Company" or "Avis Budget") is soliciting your vote at the 2019 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, and any adjournment or postponement thereof (the "Meeting"), to be held May 22, 2019 at 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time, at the offices of Kirkland & Ellis LLP, 601 Lexington Avenue, New York, New York, for the purposes set forth in this Proxy Statement.
On or about April 1, 2019, the Company will first mail to certain shareholders of record the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials containing instructions on how to access this Proxy Statement online, or in the alternative, request a paper copy of the proxy materials and a proxy card, and will also first mail to certain other shareholders this Proxy Statement and the accompanying proxy card.
When and where will the Meeting be held?
The Meeting is scheduled to be held at 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time, on May 22, 2019, at the offices of Kirkland & Ellis LLP, 601 Lexington Avenue, New York, New York.
What items will I be voting on and what are the Board's voting recommendations?
Could other matters be decided at the Meeting?
The Board is not aware of any other matters to be brought before the Meeting. However, if any other matters properly come before the Meeting, the individuals named as proxies, or their duly constituted substitutes acting at the Meeting, will be authorized to vote or otherwise act thereon in accordance with their judgment on such matters.
How many votes do I have?
You will have one vote for every share of the Company's common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the "Common Stock"), you owned as of the close of business on March 25, 2019 (the "Record Date").
How many votes can be cast by all shareholders?
75,909,370 votes, consisting of one vote for each share of Common Stock outstanding on the Record Date. There is no cumulative voting, and the holders of the Common Stock vote together as a single class.
How many votes must be present to hold the Meeting?
One-third of the outstanding shares of Common Stock entitled to vote at the Meeting, or 25,303,123 votes, must be present, in person or by proxy, to constitute a quorum at the Meeting. Abstentions and broker non-votes, if any, will be counted for the purpose of determining whether a quorum is present.
Table of Contents
How many votes are required to elect directors and adopt the other proposals?
Under the Company's Amended and Restated By-laws (the "By-laws"), each incumbent director is required to submit a contingent, irrevocable resignation that the Board of Directors may accept if the director fails to receive the required vote for election or re-election in an uncontested election. The Corporate Governance Committee is required to make a recommendation to the Board as to the action to be taken with respect to the tendered resignation. The Board is required to act on the resignation within 90 days of the date of certification of election results.
If for some reason any director nominee is unable to serve, or for good cause will not serve if elected, the persons named as proxies may vote for a substitute nominee recommended by the Board and, unless you indicate otherwise on the proxy card, your shares will be voted in favor of the remaining nominees. If any substitute nominees are designated prior to the Meeting, the Company will file an amended proxy statement, that, as applicable, identifies the substitute nominees, discloses that such nominees have consented to being named in the revised proxy statement and to serve if elected, and includes certain biographical and other information about such nominee as required by the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). Alternatively, the Board may reduce the number of directors in accordance with the Company's Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and the By-laws, subject to the rights of SRS Investment Management, LLC and certain of its affiliates (collectively, "SRS") to recommend a replacement director under the Second Amended and Restated Cooperation Agreement, dated as of April 16, 2018, between the Company and SRS.
Pursuant to the By-laws, written notice by shareholders of qualifying nominations for election to the Board must have been received by our Secretary by February 22, 2019.
What is a broker non-vote?
A broker non-vote occurs when a broker does not have discretion to vote on a particular proposal and the broker has not received instructions from the beneficial owner of the shares of common stock as to how to vote on such proposal. If you hold your shares of Common Stock in "street name" and do not provide voting instructions to your broker within the required time frame before the Meeting, your shares of Common Stock will not be voted by the broker for Proposal Nos. 1, 3 or 4, but the broker will have the discretion to vote your shares of Common Stock on Proposal No. 2. As a result, broker non-votes will have no effect on the outcome of Proposal Nos. 1, 3 or 4.
Why did certain shareholders receive in the mail a one-page Notice regarding Internet availability of this Proxy Statement rather than a printed copy?
We are sending to a portion of our shareholders, based on ownership level, a Notice containing instructions on how to access this Proxy Statement online, as permitted by SEC rules. If you received a Notice of Internet Availability by mail, you will not receive a printed copy of this Proxy Statement in the mail. Instructions on how to access this Proxy Statement over the Internet or how to obtain printed copies, if you prefer, are set forth in such Notice.
Table of Contents
How do I vote?
You should submit your proxy card or voting instruction form as soon as possible. If you received or requested printed copies of the proxy materials by mail, the materials will include a proxy card, for registered stockholders (that is, if you hold your stock directly in your name through our transfer agent), or a vote instruction form for beneficial owners (if your shares are held in "street name," such as in a stock brokerage account or through a bank or other nominee). Whether you are a registered stockholder or hold any of your shares in "street name," you may vote in the following ways:
The deadline for voting by telephone or by Internet will vary depending upon how you vote your shares—please follow the instructions shown on your proxy card/voting instruction form or Notice of Internet Availability. If you are not the shareholder of record, please refer to the voting instructions provided by your bank, broker or other nominee to direct it how to vote your shares. Your vote is important.
Certain of our shareholders hold their shares in more than one account and may receive separate proxy cards/voting instruction forms or Notices of Internet Availability for each of those accounts. To ensure that all of your shares are represented at the Meeting, we recommend that you follow the instructions included on each proxy card/voting instruction form or Notice of Internet Availability you receive.
Can I change my vote?
Yes. You may revoke your proxy at any time prior to the voting at the Meeting if, in accordance with the voting procedures described above, you:
If your shares are held in "street name" (i.e., the shares are held of record by a broker, bank or other nominee) and you wish to revoke a proxy, you should contact your bank, broker or nominee and follow its procedures for changing your voting instructions. You also may vote in person at the Meeting if you obtain a legal proxy from your bank, broker or other nominee.
Only the latest validly executed proxy that you submit will be counted.
What if I do not vote with respect to some of the proposals?
Shares of Common Stock represented by proxies received by the Company (whether through the return of a proxy card or voting instruction form) that do not contain voting instructions (or if you vote by telephone or electronically via the Internet without indicating how you want to vote) will be voted in accordance with the recommendations of the Board, including:
Table of Contents
How do participants in savings plans vote?
If you hold shares of Common Stock in the "Avis Budget Group, Inc. Employee Savings Plan" or the "AB Car Rental Services Retirement Savings Plan for Bargaining Hourly Employees" (collectively, the "Savings Plans"), you will receive a proxy card that covers shares of Common Stock held for you in the Savings Plans. In accordance with the provisions of the Savings Plans, the respective trustees will vote your shares of Common Stock as you have directed. To the extent such instructions are not received prior to noon Eastern Time on May 14, 2019, the trustees of the Savings Plans will vote the shares of Common Stock with respect to which they have not received instructions proportionately in accordance with the shares of Common Stock for which they have received instructions. Instructions given with respect to shares of Common Stock in accounts of the Savings Plans may be changed or revoked only in writing, and no such instructions may be revoked after noon Eastern Time on May 14, 2019. Participants in the Savings Plans are not entitled to vote in person at the Meeting.
How do participants in the Avis Budget Group, Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan ("ESPP") vote?
If you hold shares of Common Stock in the ESPP, you will receive a proxy card that covers shares of Common Stock held for you in the ESPP. In accordance with the provisions of the ESPP, the plan administrator will vote your shares of Common Stock as you have directed. To the extent such instructions are not received prior to noon Eastern Time on May 14, 2019, the plan administrator will not vote your shares.
Do I need a ticket to attend the Meeting?
Yes. Admission will be by ticket only. Admission to the Meeting will be expedited if tickets are obtained in advance.
Attendance at the Meeting will be limited to shareholders as of the Record Date, their authorized representatives and guests of the Company. Tickets may be issued to others at the discretion of the Company. In accordance with the Company's security procedures, all persons attending the Meeting must present picture identification along with their admission ticket or proof of beneficial ownership in order to gain admission. Cameras and recording devices will not be permitted at the Meeting.
How can I find the voting results of the Annual Meeting?
Voting results will be tallied by the inspector of election. The Company will report the results in a Current Report on Form 8-K, to be filed with the SEC within four business days following the Meeting.
How can I access the Company's proxy materials and annual report electronically?
This Proxy Statement and the Company's 2018 Annual Report may be viewed online at edocumentview.com/CAR. If you are a shareholder of record, you can elect to receive future annual reports and proxy statements electronically by enrolling at envisionreports.com/CAR. If you choose this option, you will receive a proxy form in April 2020 listing the website locations where proxy materials will be posted, and your choice will remain in effect until you notify us by mail that you wish to resume mail delivery of these documents. If you hold your shares of Common Stock through a bank, broker or another holder of record, refer to the information provided by that entity for instructions on how to elect this option.
How does a shareholder nominate someone to be a director?
Director nominations may be made by a shareholder so long as the qualifying shareholder follows the procedures outlined in the By-laws. Pursuant to the By-laws, for a nomination to be made by a shareholder, such shareholder must have given the proper notice within the specific time limits set forth in the relevant provision therein. For the 2020 annual meeting, the Company must receive this notice on or before February 22, 2020. Such notice and nomination should be submitted in writing to the Corporate Secretary of the Company and should include the information required for shareholder nominations set forth in the By-laws.
A copy of the full text of the provision of the By-laws describing the procedure for shareholder nominations may be accessed in the "Investor Relations-Corporate Governance" section of the Company's website at www.avisbudgetgroup.com. Nothing contained in any section of the Company's website is incorporated by reference into this Proxy Statement.
Table of Contents
Proposals to Be Voted on at Meeting   Proposal No. 1
Election of Directors
The Board of Directors (the "Board") has nominated Leonard S. Coleman, Larry D. De Shon, Brian J. Choi, Mary C. Choksi, Jeffrey H. Fox, Lynn Krominga, Glenn Lurie, Jagdeep Pahwa, F. Robert Salerno, Francis J. Shammo, Carl Sparks and Sanoke Viswanathan to be elected at the 2019 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the "Meeting") to serve as directors for a one-year term ending at the 2020 annual meeting of shareholders and until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified or until his or her earlier resignation or removal. For certain information regarding each nominee, see "Board of Directors—Biographical Information for Nominees" below.
Biographical Information for Nominees
The following material contains information concerning the Board's nominees, including their period of service as a director, their recent employment, other directorships, including those held during the past five years with a public company or registered investment company, and age as of the Meeting.
LEONARD S. COLEMAN
Chairman of the Board
Board Committees: Compensation, Corporate Governance, Executive (Chair)
Mr. Coleman, age 70, has been a director of Avis Budget Group, Inc. since August 2006. Mr. Coleman was a Senior Advisor to Major League Baseball from 1999 to December 2005. Mr. Coleman was a director of Cendant Corporation from 1997 to August 2006. Mr. Coleman was the President of The National League of Professional Baseball Clubs from 1994 to 1999, having served from 1992 to 1994 as Executive Director, Market Development of Major League Baseball. Previously, Mr. Coleman was a municipal finance banker for Kidder, Peabody & Company. Prior to joining Kidder, Mr. Coleman served as commissioner of the New Jersey Department of Community Affairs and the Department of Energy, and chairman of the Hackensack Meadowlands Development Commission and the New Jersey Housing and Mortgage Finance Agency. He also served as the vice chairman of the State Commission on Ethical Standards, and a member of the Economic Development Authority, Urban Enterprise Zone Authority, Urban Development Authority, State Planning Commission and New Jersey Public Television Commission. Mr. Coleman is also a director of the following corporations which file reports pursuant to the Exchange Act: Electronic Arts Inc., Hess Corporation and Omnicom Group Inc. Mr. Coleman previously served on the board of the following companies: Aramark Holdings Corporation and Churchill Downs Incorporated.
Specific Qualifications, Attributes, Skills and Experience:
LARRY D. DE SHON
Board Committees: Executive
Mr. De Shon, age 59, has been a director since October 2015. Mr. De Shon has served as Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer of Avis Budget Group, Inc. since January 2016, and assumed the title of President in June 2017. Previously, Mr. De Shon held the title of President and Chief Operating Officer from October 2015 through December 2015, President, International from January 2015 until October 2015, President, Europe, Middle East and Africa ("EMEA") from October 2011 until January 2015, and Executive Vice President, Operations from October 2006 to October 2011. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. De Shon spent 28 years at United Airlines, starting as a customer service representative and advancing to hold
Table of Contents a number of positions of increasing responsibility during his tenure, including Senior Vice President positions in marketing, on-board service and global airport operations.
Specific Qualifications, Attributes, Skills and Experience:
BRIAN J. CHOI
Board Committees: Compensation, Corporate Governance
Mr. Choi, age 36, has been a director since January 2016. Mr. Choi is a partner at SRS Investment Management, LLC and certain of its affiliates and has served in various roles at SRS since October 2008. Previously, Mr. Choi worked at Metalmark Capital from 2007 to 2008 and he also served as an analyst in the Leveraged Finance Group at Lehman Brothers from 2005 to 2007. Mr. Choi was initially appointed to the Board pursuant to the terms of a cooperation agreement between the Company and SRS Investment Management, LLC and certain of its affiliates.
Specific Qualifications, Attributes, Skills and Experience:
MARY C. CHOKSI
Board Committees: Compensation (Chair)
Ms. Choksi, age 68, has been a director since March 2007. From August 2015 until her retirement in January 2017, Ms. Choksi was a Senior Advisor at Strategic Investment Group ("Strategic"), an investment management group founded in 1987, which designs and implements global investment strategies for large institutional and individual investors. Previously, Ms. Choksi was Founding Partner and Senior Managing Director of Strategic. Within Strategic, Ms. Choksi was a member of the investment strategy group charged with overseeing the asset mix of globally diversified client portfolios, supervised reporting to all clients and had responsibilities in corporate planning. Ms. Choksi was also a Founding Partner and, until May 2011, a Managing Director at Emerging Markets Investors Corporation ("EMI"). EMI and its successor, Ashmore EMM, manage portfolios of marketable equities in the emerging markets of Asia, Europe, Latin America, Africa and the Middle East on behalf of institutional and private investors. Prior to the establishment of Strategic and EMI, Ms. Choksi worked in the Pension Investment Division of the World Bank, which was responsible for investing the institution's pension plan. Before joining the Bank's finance complex, she worked for nine years in the development arm of the Bank, working on South and Southeast Asia. Ms. Choksi is also a director of the following companies which file reports pursuant to the Exchange Act: White Mountains Insurance Group, Ltd. and Omnicom Group Inc. Ms. Choksi is a member of White Mountain's Finance and Executive Committees. Ms. Choksi serves as the Chair of Omnicom's Audit Committee and is a member of Omnicom's Compensation Committee. Ms. Choksi also serves as a trustee of various mutual funds in the Franklin Templeton Funds family.
Specific Qualifications, Attributes, Skills and Experience:
Table of Contents
JEFFREY H. FOX
Board Committees: Compensation
Mr. Fox, age 57, has been a director since July 2013. Mr. Fox has been President and Chief Executive Officer of Endurance International Group Holdings, Inc. since August 2017. Mr. Fox is also a principal of The Circumference Group LLC, an investment and advisory firm which he founded in 2009. Mr. Fox was President and Chief Executive Officer of Convergys Corporation from 2010 to November 2012, and then Executive Chairman until April 2013. Previously, Mr. Fox worked for Alltel Corporation as Chief Operating Officer from 2007 through 2008, and as a Group President from 1996 until 2007. Prior to joining Alltel, Mr. Fox worked in investment banking for ten years with Stephens Inc., preceded by two years with Merrill Lynch, specializing in mergers and acquisitions advisory services. Mr. Fox is also a director of Endurance, which files reports pursuant to the Exchange Act. Mr. Fox previously served on the board of Blackhawk Network Holdings Inc.
Specific Qualifications, Attributes, Skills and Experience:
LYNN KROMINGA
Board Committees: Audit, Corporate Governance (Chair)
Ms. Krominga, age 68, has been a director since October 2006. Ms. Krominga is an attorney, management consultant and former senior executive of global businesses. Ms. Krominga has served on the boards of directors of public, private and not-for-profit companies, as well as advisory boards of start-up and early stage technology and personal care businesses in the U.S. and abroad. Since 1999, she has been a consultant to private equity, venture capital, hedge funds and angel investors, in which capacity she served in a number of operating and board roles, including Chief Executive Officer of Fashion Wire Daily, Inc.; director and audit committee member of AHAVA Dead Sea Laboratories, Ltd. (a global cosmeceuticals business); advisor to London-based Apax Partners for acquisitions in Israel and the United States; director of StructuredWeb, Inc; board of advisors of Makeover Studios, Inc.; General Manager-North America of Electric Fuel, Inc. (an early stage fuel cell-based technology business); and Internet Consultant for private websites in the U.S. and Europe. From 2007 until January 2013, Ms. Krominga served as a director of Sunrise Senior Living, Inc., one of the world's largest assisted living companies, with operations in the U.S., Canada, the U.K. and Germany. From March through November 2008, she served as Chairman of the Board of Sunrise Senior Living and as Lead Director thereafter until January 2013 (when the company was sold). She also served as Chairman of the Compensation Committee (2008-2011), and as a member of the Audit, Compensation and Governance Committees from 2007-2013. Ms. Krominga is the former President of the Revlon and Coleman Worldwide Licensing Divisions, and previously served as General Counsel and International Counsel for Revlon's global operations. Prior to joining Revlon, she was Senior Counsel at American Express Company and an associate at Cleary, Gottlieb, Steen & Hamilton.
Specific Qualifications, Attributes, Skills and Experience:
Table of Contents
GLENN LURIE
Board Committees: Audit
Mr. Lurie, age 53, has been a director since May 2018. Mr. Lurie has been President and Chief Executive Officer of Synchronoss Technologies, Inc. since November 2017. Prior to joining Synchronoss, Mr. Lurie was employed by AT&T for 27 years and was President and Chief Executive Officer of AT&T Mobility and Consumer Operations when he retired in September of 2017. Mr. Lurie helped usher in the smartphone era by leading negotiations for AT&T with Apple for the first iPhone and then for the first iPad. He built three groundbreaking businesses at AT&T: IoT (Internet of Things) business – bringing wireless connectivity to tablets, cars, connected cities and consumer electronics; Digital Life – AT&T's home automation and security business; and the launch of Aio Wireless – now Cricket Wireless, the company's industry-leading prepaid flanker brand. At AT&T, Mr. Lurie served in a variety of leadership roles, including as President and Chief Executive Officer of Mobility and Consumer Operations from 2016 to 2017, President and Chief Executive Officer of AT&T Mobility from 2014 to 2016, President of Emerging Enterprises and Partnerships Organization from 2011 to 2014 and President of Emerging Devices Organization (now IoT Organization) from 2008 to 2011. Mr. Lurie is also a director of Synchronoss, which files reports pursuant to the Exchange Act.
Specific Qualifications, Attributes, Skills and Experience:
JAGDEEP PAHWA
Board Committees: Executive
Mr. Pahwa, age 45, has been a director since April 2018. Mr. Pahwa has been the President of SRS Investment Management, LLC since 2017 and has led SRS's private equity business since 2006. Previously, Mr. Pahwa worked at McKinsey & Company in the U.S. and India, where he led client engagements in the telecom, technology and real estate sectors. Prior thereto, Mr. Pahwa worked in the Mergers & Acquisitions group of Lehman Brothers in New York. Mr. Pahwa was initially appointed to the Board pursuant to the terms of a cooperation agreement between the Company and SRS Investment Management, LLC and certain of its affiliates.
Specific Qualifications, Attributes, Skills and Experience:
F. ROBERT SALERNO
Board Committees: Audit, Corporate Governance
Mr. Salerno, age 67, has been a director since August 2006. Mr. Salerno was previously Vice Chairman of the Company from June 2010 through December 2011, and President and Chief Operating Officer of the Company from August 2006 to June 2010. For nearly 30 years, Mr. Salerno held numerous leadership positions with the Company, including as chief executive of Cendant's vehicle rental business and as President and Chief Operating Officer of Avis from 1996 to November 2002. Mr. Salerno previously served on the board of Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings, Ltd., which files reports pursuant to the Exchange Act.
Specific Qualifications, Attributes, Skills and Experience:
Table of Contents
FRANCIS J. SHAMMO
Board Committees: Audit (Chair)
Mr. Shammo, age 58, has been a director since May 2018. Mr. Shammo was the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Verizon Communications, Inc. from November 2010 until November 2016, and retired from Verizon at the end of 2016. After joining Bell Atlantic Corporation in 1989, which merged with GTE Corporation in 2000 to form Verizon, he held positions of increasing responsibility in finance, mergers and acquisitions, logistics, facilities, regional operations, and planning. His prior positions include President and Chief Executive Officer of Verizon Telecom and Business, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Verizon Business, President—West Area of Verizon Wireless, and Vice President and Controller of Verizon Wireless. Mr. Shammo is also a director of Unum Group, which files reports pursuant to the Exchange Act.
Specific Qualifications, Attributes, Skills and Experience:
CARL SPARKS
Board Committees: Audit
Mr. Sparks, age 51, has been a director since April 2018. Mr. Sparks was the Chief Executive Officer and a director of Academic Partnerships, an online service provider for higher education, from 2016 to 2017. From 2011 to 2014, Mr. Sparks was the Chief Executive Officer of Travelocity Global. Mr. Sparks was also employed by Gilt Groupe, serving as its Chief Marketing Officer in 2009 and its President from 2010 to 2011. Prior to joining Gilt Groupe, Mr. Sparks served in a variety of leadership roles at Expedia Inc. from 2004 to 2009, including as Senior Vice President, Marketing and Retail Operations at Hotels. com from 2004 to 2006, Chief Marketing Officer at Expedia.com from 2006 to 2007, and General Manager at Hotels.com USA, Latin America & Canada from 2008 to 2009. Earlier, Mr. Sparks served as Vice President of Direct Business and Brand at Capital One Financial Corp., and also served in senior marketing and strategy roles at Guinness & Co., PepsiCo Inc., and The Boston Consulting Group. Mr. Sparks is a director of Dunkin' Brands Group, Inc., which files reports pursuant to the Exchange Act. Mr. Sparks previously served on the board of Vonage Holdings Corp., which files reports pursuant to the Exchange Act. Mr. Sparks is also currently serving as a director of ActionIQ, Inc., an enterprise software company; TreeHouse, Inc., a home upgrade company; Blue Nile, an online jewelry retailer; and Lucid, LLC, a market research company. Mr. Sparks was initially appointed to the Board pursuant to the terms of a cooperation agreement between the Company and SRS Investment Management, LLC and certain of its affiliates.
Specific Qualifications, Attributes, Skills and Experience:
Table of Contents
SANOKE VISWANATHAN
Board Committees: None
Mr. Viswanathan, age 43, has been a director since March 2016. Mr. Viswanathan has been the Chief Administrative Officer of JPMorgan Chase & Co.'s Corporate & Investment Bank, overseeing technology, operations and controls since 2014. Previously, Mr. Viswanathan was head of strategy, marketing and new business development for the Corporate & Investment Bank from 2012 to 2013 and head of corporate strategy for JPMorgan Chase from 2010 to 2012. Prior to joining JPMorgan Chase, Mr. Viswanathan was a partner at McKinsey & Co. and co-head of its global corporate and investment banking practice, serving financial institutions in Asia, Europe and North America on strategy, organization and risk management topics. Mr. Viswanathan has been on the Board of Sadler's Wells Theatre in London since 2014. Mr. Viswanathan was initially appointed to the Board pursuant to the terms of a cooperation agreement between the Company and SRS Investment Management, LLC and certain of its affiliates.
Specific Qualifications, Attributes, Skills and Experience:
Director Nomination Process
For additional information regarding the director nomination process, please see the section titled "Director Nomination Procedures" on page 16 of this Proxy Statement.
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE "FOR ALL" OF THE NOMINEES.
Table of Contents
Corporate Governance
Functions and Meetings of the Board of Directors
The Company's corporate governance guidelines, director independence criteria, committee charters, codes of conduct and other documents setting forth the Company's corporate governance practices can be accessed in the "Investor Relations-Corporate Governance" section of the Company's website at www.avisbudgetgroup.com.
Director Independence
To determine director independence, our Board of Directors reviews commercial and charitable relationships of each director to evaluate such director's independence in accordance with the listing standards of the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC ("NASDAQ") and pursuant to our own director independence criteria, which can be accessed on our website at www.avisbudgetgroup.com. In conducting its review, the Board of Directors considers a number of factors, including the director's and his or her family members' relationships with the Company and its subsidiaries, affiliates, executive officers and auditors and his or her relationships with foundations, universities and other non-profit organizations to which the Company has made a certain level of contributions during the past three years. After evaluating the factors described above, the Board of Directors has affirmatively determined that ten of the nominee directors are independent in accordance with NASDAQ corporate governance listing standards and our own director independence criteria. In determining that Mr. Viswanathan is independent, the Board of Directors considered that he is employed by JPMorgan Chase & Co. ("JPM") and that JPM and its affiliates provide various financial services to the Company and its subsidiaries for which they have received customary fees. However, the Board did not believe that the Company's relationship with JPM impacted the independence of Mr. Viswanathan for the following reasons:
Independent Nominees
The Board of Directors has determined that each of the following nominees is independent under the applicable director independence standards.
We also maintain a Corporate Governance Committee, a Compensation Committee and an Audit Committee, and all of the directors serving on these committees are independent based upon NASDAQ corporate governance listing standards and our own director independence criteria.
Table of Contents
Board Leadership Structure
Our current Board leadership structure consists of:
The Board of Directors, which is comprised of individuals who have extensive experience with board processes, has determined that the current leadership structure, as described above, best serves the Company and its shareholders.
The Board split the roles of Chief Executive Officer and Chairman in 2015, and appointed an independent Chairman in 2018. However, the Board does not currently have a requirement that the roles of Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board be separated, or if separated that the Chairman be independent. The Board believes it is in the best interest of our Company to make the determination based on the position and direction of our Company and the constitution of the Board and management team from time to time.
Risk Management and Risk Assessment
Management is responsible for assessing risk and for day-to-day risk management activities. The Board executes its oversight responsibility for risk assessment and risk management, acting directly and through its Committees, as follows:
In 2019, management reviewed the Company's compensation policies and practices for employees generally as they relate to risk management. As part of this process, management reviewed the Company's incentive compensation programs applicable to all employees with the Compensation Committee and the compensation consultant engaged by the Compensation Committee to determine whether such programs create incentives that might motivate inappropriate or excessive risk-taking. In the course of such review, mitigating features of the Company's incentive compensation programs were considered, including: (1) the Company's recoupment policies; (2) that virtually all of the Company's annual incentive programs allow for "downward discretion," which permits the Company to reduce incentive compensation payouts; and (3) that executive officers are subject to share ownership and retention guidelines. As a result of this process, there were no recommended changes to the Company's incentive compensation programs.
Communicating with the Board of Directors
Shareholders and other interested parties may send communications directly to the Board of Directors by writing to the Board of Directors, c/o the Corporate Secretary, Avis Budget Group, Inc., 6 Sylvan Way, Parsippany, N.J. 07054.
Table of Contents
In addition, all parties interested in communicating directly with the Chairman of the Board or with any other independent director may do so by writing to Avis Budget Group, Inc. at the same address, Attention: Chairman of the Board, c/o the Corporate Secretary or via e-mail at chairman@avisbudget.com. The Chairman is responsible for reviewing and distributing all interested parties' communications received to the intended recipients and/or to the full Board of Directors, as appropriate.
Codes of Conduct
The Board of Directors has adopted a code of conduct that applies to all officers and employees, including the Company's principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. The Board of Directors has also adopted a code of business conduct and ethics for directors. Both codes of conduct are available in the "Investor Relations-Corporate Governance" section of the Company's website at www.avisbudgetgroup.com. The purpose of these codes of conduct is to promote honest and ethical conduct, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest between personal and professional relationships; to promote full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in periodic reports required to be filed by the Company; and to promote compliance with all applicable rules and regulations that apply to the Company and its officers and directors.
Board of Directors Meetings
The Board of Directors held nine meetings during 2018. In 2018, all director nominees attended at least 75% of the meetings of the Board of Directors and committees of the Board of Directors on which they served during such director's period of service. We expect all directors to attend each regularly scheduled Board of Directors meeting. All directors are welcome to attend the Company's annual meeting of shareholders, and our goal is for a representative of each of the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Corporate Governance Committee to be present at each annual meeting. The 2018 annual meeting of shareholders was attended by eight directors, including a representative of each of the Audit, Compensation and Corporate Governance Committees.
Committees of the Board of Directors
The standing committees of the Board include: the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee, the Corporate Governance Committee and the Executive Committee.
The charters of each of the Audit, Compensation and Corporate Governance Committees, respectively, can be found in the "Investor Relations-Corporate Governance" section of the Company's website at www.avisbudgetgroup.com.
Table of Contents
Audit Committee
The Audit Committee assists in the Board's oversight of:
The Board of Directors has determined that all members of the Audit Committee are independent directors under the Company's Director Independence Criteria and within the meaning of applicable NASDAQ rules, and that each member of the Audit Committee has the ability to read and understand fundamental financial statements. The Board of Directors has determined that each member of the Audit Committee qualifies as an "audit committee financial expert" as defined by the rules of the SEC, thereby satisfying NASDAQ's "financial sophistication" requirement.
Compensation Committee
The primary responsibilities of the Compensation Committee include to:
We refer you to "Executive Compensation" below for additional information regarding the Compensation Committee's processes and procedures.
The Board of Directors has determined that each member of the Compensation Committee is an independent director in accordance with NASDAQ listing standards and the Company's Director Independence Criteria and a non-employee director for purposes of Section 16 of the Exchange Act.
Corporate Governance Committee 
General
The responsibilities of the Corporate Governance Committee include identifying and recommending to the Board of Directors appropriate director nominee candidates and providing oversight with respect to corporate governance matters. The Board of Directors has determined that each of the current members of the Corporate Governance Committee qualifies as an independent director under applicable NASDAQ rules and the Company's Director Independence Criteria.
Director Nomination Procedures
The Corporate Governance Committee considers the appropriate balance of experience, skills and characteristics required of members of the Board of Directors. Nominees for director positions are selected on the basis of their depth and breadth of experience, wisdom, integrity, ability to make independent analytical inquiries, understanding of the Company's business environment, and willingness to devote adequate time to the duties associated with being a member of the Board of Directors.
Table of Contents
The Corporate Governance Committee will consider written proposals from shareholders for candidates to be nominees for director positions. In considering candidates submitted by shareholders, the Corporate Governance Committee will take into consideration the needs of the Board of Directors and the qualifications of the candidate. Any such proposal should be submitted to the Corporate Governance Committee, c/o the Corporate Secretary of the Company, at Avis Budget Group, Inc., 6 Sylvan Way, Parsippany, N.J. 07054, and should include the following: (a) the name of the shareholder and evidence of such shareholder's beneficial ownership of the shares of Common Stock, including the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned and the length of time of such beneficial ownership; and (b) the name of the candidate, such candidate's resume or a listing of his or her qualifications to be a director of the Company and such candidate's consent to be named as a director, if selected by the Corporate Governance Committee, nominated by the Board of Directors and elected. The written proposal should be submitted in the time frame and consistent with the requirements described in the Company's By-laws and under the caption "Shareholder Proposals for 2020 Annual Meeting" below.
The Corporate Governance Committee's process for identifying and evaluating candidates to be nominees to the Board of Directors is typically initiated by identifying a candidate who meets the criteria for selection as a nominee and has the specific qualities or skills being sought based on input from members of the Board of Directors and, if the Corporate Governance Committee deems appropriate, a third-party search firm which would help the Board to identify candidates. These candidates are evaluated by the Corporate Governance Committee by reviewing such candidates' biographical information and qualifications and checking the candidates' references. Certain qualified candidates are interviewed by at least one member of the Corporate Governance Committee. Using the input from this interview and other information, the Corporate Governance Committee evaluates whether the candidate is qualified to serve as a director and whether the Corporate Governance Committee should recommend to the Board of Directors that the Board nominate the candidate or elect the candidate to fill a vacancy on the Board of Directors. Candidates recommended by the Corporate Governance Committee are presented to the Board of Directors for selection as nominees to be presented for the approval of the shareholders or for election to fill a vacancy.
In general, the Corporate Governance Committee expects that a similar evaluation process would be used to evaluate candidates to be nominees for director positions recommended by shareholders.
In 2018, consistent with the Board's commitment to maintaining a highly qualified, independent Board, a leading search firm was retained to assist in the ongoing process of identifying new director candidates with specific skills sets to replace directors who may retire in the near future. As a result of this process, the Corporate Governance Committee recommended that four new directors be added to the Board in 2018: Messrs. Glenn Lurie, Jagdeep Pahwa, Francis J. Shammo and Carl Sparks.
Diversity
While the Board has not adopted a formal policy with respect to diversity, the Corporate Governance Committee believes it is important that nominees for the Board represent diverse viewpoints and backgrounds. The Corporate Governance Committee is committed to advancing Board diversity, defined to include differences of viewpoint, professional experience, education, skill, race, gender and national origin, and as specified in its charter, considers diversity in the mix of qualifications, experience, attributes or skills included in its process of identifying and evaluating candidates to be nominees to the Board. The Company believes that its nominees further its commitment to enhancing gender diversity at the Board level.
Executive Committee
The Executive Committee has and may exercise all of the powers of the Board of Directors when the Board of Directors is not in session, including the power to authorize the issuance of stock, except that the Executive Committee has no power to (a) alter, amend or repeal the By-laws or any resolution or resolutions of the Board of Directors, (b) declare any dividend or make any other distribution to the shareholders of the Company, (c) appoint any member of the Executive Committee, or (d) take any other action which legally may be taken only by the full Board of Directors.
Succession Planning
The Board of Directors is responsible for the development, implementation and periodic review of a succession plan for our Chief Executive Officer and for overseeing the development, implementation and periodic review of a succession plan for each senior executive, all of whom have been designated as members of our Senior Leadership Team ("SLT").
Our Board of Directors believes that effective succession planning and talent management and development play a critical role in safeguarding business capabilities, developing strong leadership quality and executive bench strength, and optimizing overall business development, operating performance, profitability and shareholder value.
Table of Contents
The Board of Directors views succession planning as a continual process. In order to ensure that qualified candidates are available for the position of Chief Executive Officer and also for each senior executive position held by a SLT member, the Board of Directors oversees the development of internal candidates, maintains talent development plans to strengthen the skills and qualifications of such candidates and would be responsible, if necessary, for the identification of suitable external successor candidates. With respect to CEO succession, the Board of Directors expects to establish a list of crucial attributes and implement a formal assessment process employing an external advisor to assess and develop successor candidates.
The Board of Directors has also developed an "emergency" succession plan in the event of an unexpected disability or inability of our Chief Executive Officer or other senior executive to perform his or her duties.
Related Person Transactions
There are no related person transactions that require reporting under SEC rules. The Company has adopted written procedures for the review, approval or ratification of transactions with related persons that apply to any transaction, arrangement or relationship in which:
Under the Company's related persons policy, transactions with related persons are reviewed in advance by the General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer and the Corporate Secretary of the Company, or in certain circumstances, as soon as possible thereafter. If it is determined by such officers that the transaction is a related person transaction and the amount involved exceeds $120,000:
The Audit Committee reviews on an annual basis contributions by the Company in excess of $1,000, in the aggregate (other than contributions made pursuant to the Company's matching contribution program for employees and directors), to a charitable organization at which a related person is actively involved with fund-raising or serves as a director, trustee or in a similar capacity.
Shareholder Engagement
We regularly conduct engagement and outreach efforts in order to communicate with existing and prospective shareholders, lenders, research analysts, rating agencies, governance firms and others. In 2018, our key engagement activities included numerous group and one-on-one investor meetings, conference calls accessible to all shareholders following each of our quarterly earnings releases, presentations at various investor conferences, and our 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Members of management, in addition to our Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer, participated in these activities, each of which contained opportunities for shareholders and other constituents to provide feedback to management.
From time to time, certain of our independent Board members attend investor meetings, in addition to attending the Annual Meeting of Shareholders.
Our investor relations department is the key point of contact for shareholder interaction with the Company. Shareholders and other interested parties may access investor information about our Company through our website at www.avisbudgetgroup.com. The investor relations department coordinates institutional investor meetings with management, appearances at investor conferences and our quarterly earnings calls. We consider shareholder requests to meet with members of our Board of Directors on a case-by-case basis.
Table of Contents
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
The following table sets forth information regarding beneficial ownership of shares of Common Stock as of February 28, 2019, by (i) each person who is known by us to beneficially own more than 5% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, (ii) each of the Company's directors and each of its named executive officers ("NEOs"), and (iii) all of the Company's directors, nominees and current executive officers, as a group.
Table of Contents
Table of Contents
Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance
Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the Company's executive officers and directors, and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of a registered class of the Company's equity securities, to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership on Forms 3, 4 and 5 with the SEC. As a practical matter, the Company typically assists its directors and executive officers by monitoring transactions and completing and filing Section 16 reports on their behalf. The Company believes that all filings required to be made under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act during 2018 were timely made.
Executive Officers
The present executive officers of the Company are set forth in the table below. Each executive officer is appointed by the Board of Directors to hold office at the discretion of the Board of Directors and may be removed at any time by the Board of Directors with or without cause. In March 2019, the Company announced the resignation of Mark J. Servodidio, President, International, effective June 14, 2019. The role of President, International will be assumed by Keith Rankin, who will join the Company from Barloworld, in South Africa. For further information, please see our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 18, 2019.
Biographical information for our Chief Executive Officer is set forth above under "Board of Directors-Biographical Information for Nominees." Biographical information for all other present executive officers is set forth below.
Table of Contents
Table of Contents
Executive Compensation
Compensation Discussion and Analysis
We refer you to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 (our "2018 Form 10-K") for additional information regarding our financial results discussed below. In this Proxy Statement, we refer to Adjusted EBITDA, which we define as income from continuing operations before non-vehicle related depreciation and amortization, any impairment charges, restructuring and other related charges, early extinguishment of debt costs, non-vehicle related interest, transaction-related costs, net charges for unprecedented personal-injury legal matters, non-operational charges related to shareholder activist activity and income taxes. This non-GAAP measure is a performance metric in our incentive programs and a reconciliation is provided under "Analysis of 2018 Pay Decisions." When we refer to "the Committee" in this "Executive Compensation" section, we are referring to the Compensation Committee.
Executive Summary
2018 Company Performance
We had a successful year in 2018. Revenue was $9.1 billion for 2018, reflecting growth of 3% compared to 2017 and representing our ninth consecutive year of revenue growth. Our net income was $165 million, and our Adjusted EBITDA was $781 million, consistent with the Company's expectations announced in early 2018. In 2018, we also returned capital to our shareholders through the repurchase of $200 million of our Common Stock, resulting in the repurchase of 5.9 million shares. Our closing stock price on December 31, 2018 was lower compared to our closing stock price on December 31, 2017, despite our achievements.
2018 Strategic Accomplishments
In 2018, we continued to make investments in our business designed to lower our cost structure, modernize our core infrastructure and further our position in the evolving mobility landscape, including by:
2019 Strategy
In 2019, we intend to continue to apply our brands, technology and people to drive profitable growth, while further building our position in the mobility services industry by continuing to:
Table of Contents
2018 Compensation for our Named Executive Officers
Setting 2018 Pay Levels
As part of the regular annual review process, the Committee considered 2017 financial performance, and market and other factors, and determined that no changes would be made to base salaries, and annual incentive and long-term incentive target opportunities for the Company's NEOs. Consistent with our past practice, more than 50% of our Chief Executive Officer's 2018 pay opportunity, at target, was performance-based, excluding amounts contained in the Summary Compensation Table under "All Other Compensation."
Alignment of 2018 Compensation with Performance
Our history of pay-for-performance alignment was evident in the compensation paid to our NEOs for 2018. Based on 2018 financial performance and individual performance, annual incentive program payouts ranged between 46% of target for our President, International and 139% of target for our President, Americas. Our CEO's annual incentive program payout was 103% of target. However, as a result of our three-year cumulative financial results, performance-based restricted stock unit awards ("PSUs") granted in 2015 did not vest in 2018 and were forfeited without payout.
Setting 2018 Performance Metrics
In 2017, the Committee approved an annual incentive program ("AIP") that was based on historical practice and thus included one-year Adjusted EBITDA as the sole metric. At the same time, the Committee approved a new long-term incentive program ("LTIP") for then NEOs based on Adjusted EBITDA margin, replacing the historical program, which included performance metrics based on three-year cumulative Adjusted EBITDA goals and a relative total-shareholder return modifier.
For 2018, the Committee approved PSU awards with a three-year cumulative Adjusted EBITDA performance metric. This decision was made based on a number of factors, including but not limited to the significant correlation between Adjusted EBITDA and the Company's stock price performance, and the Company's strategic goals. The Committee also changed the performance metrics in the AIP to include: Adjusted EBITDA, with a 50% weighting; Adjusted Free Cash Flow, with a 25% weighting; and an individual performance component, with a 25% weighting, as discussed in more detail under "Annual Incentive Awards."
Compensation Practices
We believe that our compensation programs reflect sound practices, such as:
Our Named Executive Officers
This discussion addresses executive compensation in 2018 for our named executive officers, who are:
Mr. Ferraro and Mr. Servodidio are sometimes referred to herein collectively as the "Regional Presidents". In March 2019, the Company announced that Mr. Servodidio will resign effective June 14, 2019. For further information, please see "Executive
Table of Contents
Officers." Mr. Smith stepped down from the role of Interim CFO effective March 18, 2019 and currently holds a transition and advisory role with the Company. Effective March 18, 2019, Mr. John F. North, III was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. North's biographical information can be found above under "Executive Officers."
Compensation for our NEOs is typically comprised of the following components:
Analysis of 2018 Pay Decisions
Philosophy, Components and Mix of Executive Compensation
In 2018, "pay-for-performance" continued to be a fundamental tenet of our compensation philosophy, which includes the core principles of rewarding the attainment of appropriately challenging performance goals and aligning our executives' objectives with our shareholders' interests. The Committee also believes that executive compensation should be designed to attract and retain a high-caliber leadership team and take into consideration competitive practices and the overall market for executive talent.
Base Salaries for our Named Executive Officers
Salaries for our NEOs are typically determined based on factors such as our past practice, reasonable comparability with Peer Group pay data and Survey Data (as described under "Consideration of Peer Groups and Survey Data") and each NEO's responsibilities, capabilities and skills, commitment to our business, leadership and drive to add value. For the CEO and CFO roles, the Committee also considers the size and complexity of our balance sheet and capital structure. Following the regular annual review for each role, the Committee determined to maintain the base salary for each of our NEOs consistent with 2017 levels, as discussed above under "Setting 2018 Pay Levels."
Annual Incentive Awards
For many years, the sole performance metric for our annual incentive program has been Adjusted EBITDA, which is a key measure of operational and financial performance and is driven by achieving profitable revenues and our annual business plan, and widely understood within the Company. For 2018, the Committee considered, with input from the Committee's compensation consultant and management, whether different or additional performance metrics should be utilized for the Company's annual incentive program (the "2018 AIP"), in part because the Committee anticipated including three-year cumulative Adjusted EBITDA as the performance metric in the Company's 2018 long-term incentive program.
Consistent with the Company's pay-for-performance philosophy and to recognize individual contribution, the Committee determined to include Adjusted Free Cash Flow and individual performance as components for the 2018 AIP in addition to Adjusted EBITDA. The Committee made such determination based on a review of peer practices, the focus on Adjusted Free Cash Flow by the Company's stakeholders, and the belief that including an individual component intended to reward the contribution and value an employee brings to the organization would be motivating and allow for differentiation furthering our
Table of Contents alignment with pay-for-performance. Target payouts as a percentage of base salary remained consistent with 2017 levels, ranging from 25% to 200% of target, as discussed under "Setting 2018 Pay Levels."
Financial Goals
The financial performance goals included in the 2018 AIP, presented below, were set based on the Company's 2018 business plan. At target, the global Adjusted EBITDA goal represented an increase of approximately 6% compared to 2017 Adjusted EBITDA, as reported.
ADJUSTED EBITDA GOALS
* Straight-line interpolation is used to determine achievement between specified goals.
** Includes unallocated corporate expenses.
ADJUSTED FREE CASH FLOW GOALS
* Straight-line interpolation is used to determine achievement between specified goals.
Individual Performance Goals
Individual performance goals were established for each NEO based on key objectives. For our CEO, objectives were reviewed and approved by the Committee. For our other NEOs, objectives were reviewed with, and agreed to, by our CEO and approved by the Committee.
Weightings
The weighting for each component of the 2018 AIP is set forth below:
Results and Payouts
The global payout under the Adjusted EBITDA component of the 2018 AIP was 106% of target. The payout level resulted from the Company's attainment of reported Adjusted EBITDA of $781 million, increased to $790 million based on a $9 million currency adjustment pursuant to the terms of the program. While actual Adjusted Free Cash Flow of $430 million indicated an above-target payout, management recommended, and the Committee approved, a target payout in light of the Company's overall financial performance for 2018. Therefore, the payout under the Adjusted Free Cash Flow component of the 2018 AIP was determined to be at target. Payouts for the individual component of the 2018 AIP for each NEO were based on an assessment of each executive's performance relative to his objectives. Objectives for each NEO were related to the key duties for his respective position. Accordingly, actual payouts under the 2018 AIP, as a percentage of target for each NEO, were as follows:
Table of Contents
A reconciliation of our reported global net income to our reported global Adjusted EBITDA is set forth below (dollars are in millions):
We believe Adjusted EBITDA is useful as a supplemental measure in evaluating the aggregate performance of our operating businesses and in comparing our results from period to period. We believe Adjusted EBITDA is useful to investors because it allows them to assess our results of operations and financial condition on the same basis that management uses internally. Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP measure and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for net income or other income statement data prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our presentation of Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies.
A reconciliation of our global income before taxes to Adjusted Free Cash Flow is set forth below (dollars are in millions):
Adjusted Free Cash Flow represents Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities adjusted to reflect the cash inflows and outflows relating to capital expenditures, the investing and financing activities of our vehicle programs, asset sales, if any, and to exclude debt extinguishment costs, transaction-related costs and non-operational charges related to shareholder activist activity. We believe that Adjusted Free Cash Flow is useful to management and investors in measuring the cash generated that is available to be used to repay debt obligations, repurchase stock, pay dividends and invest in further growth through new business development activities or acquisitions. Adjusted Free Cash Flow should not be construed as a substitute in measuring operating results or liquidity, and our presentation of Adjusted Free Cash Flow may not be comparable to similarly-titled measures used by other companies.
Table of Contents
2018 Long-Term Incentive Awards
Grant date values for awards under the Company's 2018 regular Long-Term Incentive Program (the "2018 LTIP") were consistent with 2017 levels as further discussed under "Setting 2018 Pay Levels." In lieu of a 2018 LTIP award, our Former Interim CFO was granted a cash award with a one-year vesting period and a value equivalent to approximately one-third of the then annual target for such role, in recognition of the interim nature of his appointment.
The following factors were reviewed to determine the appropriate type of equity to be granted: perceived value to award recipients to effect retention and incentive goals, peer practices, the degree of alignment with shareholder interests, potential dilution and projected expense balanced with the value delivered to award recipients. Based on an analysis of these factors, the Committee determined that (a) for our CEO, a mix of 60% PSUs and 40% time-based restricted stock units ("RSUs"); (b) for our Regional Presidents, an equal mix of PSUs and RSUs; and (c) for our GC, a mix of 30% PSUs and 70% RSUs would:
As discussed above under "Setting 2018 Performance Metrics," three-year cumulative Adjusted EBITDA was selected as the performance metric for the PSUs granted under the 2018 LTIP.
Three-year cumulative Adjusted EBITDA goals for the 2018 LTIP are as follows, and at target the goal represents a 5% compounded annual growth rate over the three-year performance period:
Setting CEO and Other NEO Compensation
Our Board has assigned to the Committee the responsibility to approve compensation for all NEOs, including our CEO. The roles and duties of participants in the decision-making process for our executive program are summarized below.
Role of the Independent Compensation Consultant
Consistent with its charter, the Committee continued its engagement of Pay Governance LLC, a compensation consulting firm, to work with the Committee and the Company as an adviser on executive compensation matters in 2018. The compensation consultant reports to, and is directed by, the Committee, which has the authority to retain or terminate compensation advisers. In early 2018, the Committee reviewed information regarding the independence and potential conflicts of interest of Pay Governance, taking into account, among other things, the factors set forth in the NASDAQ listing standards.
Based on this review, the Committee concluded that the engagement of Pay Governance did not raise any conflict of interest. Outside of services provided for the Committee and advice to the Corporate Governance Committee related to compensation of non-employee directors, the compensation consultant did not provide additional services to the Company in 2018.
Compensation Decisions
In the case of NEOs other than the CEO, our Human Resources staff develops recommendations as to the level of compensation for each pay component generally based on position scope (defined as the executive's relative responsibilities compared to others within the Company and the individual's potential impact on Company operations), and the individual's experience level and performance in addition to the factors discussed under "Analysis of 2018 Pay Decisions" above. Performance criteria and goals are recommended by our Human Resources staff based on the Company's business plan and goals, with input from the CFO and his staff. Recommendations related to the elements generally reflect a review of practices of our Peer Group and Survey Data (as defined below), and are typically designed to take into consideration past practice and our strategy to tie a greater portion of total target compensation to variable versus fixed compensation.
Table of Contents
Each recommendation is then discussed with our CEO for feedback and to determine final recommendations. Final recommendations are reviewed with the compensation consultant and the Chair of the Committee to ensure that they are consistent with the Committee's expectations and the Company's compensation philosophy, and ultimately submitted to the Committee for consideration. The Committee has the ultimate right and authority to revise and/or approve recommendations of management.
Our CEO's compensation is determined by the Committee, working directly with the compensation consultant. The Committee determines each component of our CEO's compensation, taking into consideration our CEO's performance as well as market and Peer Group data and other factors such as level of experience and responsibilities, leadership, skill, contributions to the Company and the size and complexity of the Company's balance sheet and operations.
Risk Assessment
In approving annual and long-term incentive awards for our NEOs, the Committee assesses the risks associated with the adoption of these awards, including the performance measures and goals for the awards, and for 2018, concluded that the incentive awards approved would not be likely to encourage excessive risk-taking. Consistent with past practice, management also reviewed the Company's compensation policies and practices for employees generally with the Chair of each of the Audit and Compensation Committees and the Company's compensation consultant to determine whether these programs create incentives that might motivate inappropriate or excessive risk-taking. For additional information, please see "Functions and Meetings of the Board of Directors-Risk Management and Risk Assessment."
Consideration of Peer Groups and Survey Data
Given that there is just one other U.S.-based publicly traded car rental company, peer companies are selected to supplement that company with additional companies from industry sectors that are viewed as most relevant to our business based on the following criteria: company size based on revenue as the primary factor, headcount, market capitalization, enterprise value, and debt and assets. Given our capital structure, we place a greater emphasis on enterprise value than market capitalization when developing the peer group. For 2018 pay decisions, the Company's peer group consisted of the following 16 companies (the "Peer Group"):
The Peer Group was initially approved in 2011 and reviewed in subsequent years. For 2019 pay decisions, Wyndham Worldwide Corporation will be removed from the Company's peer group as a result of Wyndham's spinoff into two publicly traded companies. The Committee reviewed pay data of the Peer Group, as previously discussed to ensure reasonable comparability of the pay packages of our NEOs. The Committee does not specifically target any percentile within the Peer Group when setting overall compensation, any individual element of compensation or the relative pay mix among different elements of compensation. The Committee expects to review the Peer Group from time to time in order to ensure that the component companies continue to meet the criteria for which they were selected, as well as to identify other companies that may become appropriate for inclusion. The Committee recognizes that our executives have opportunities available to them in a range of industries and that any peer group for the Company will have some inherent limitations given the absence of a large sample of public companies in the vehicle rental business. In order to compare ourselves to a broad set of general industry market data available, the Committee also reviews widely-used survey data from consulting firms such as Aon Hewitt and Willis Towers Watson for companies that have revenue comparable to ours (the "Survey Data") as another data point. The Survey Data1 represents data from over 1,000 companies sized according to revenue, assets and number of employees.
In 2018, the Committee considered the Survey Data for each element of the 2018 compensation and benefits package as a general check and to ensure reasonable comparability. Consideration of the Peer Group and the Survey Data represented just two factors considered in setting executive compensation for 2018. Please refer to "Analysis of 2018 Pay Decisions" for the other factors considered in setting executive compensation for 2018.
Table of Contents
Committee Consideration of the Company's 2018 Shareholder Vote on Executive Compensation
The Committee reviewed the results of the Company's shareholder advisory vote on executive compensation ("Say on Pay") in 2018. At the 2018 annual meeting of shareholders, over 94% of the votes cast were in support of the Company's Say on Pay proposal. Based on the 2018 Say on Pay results and feedback from shareholders, the Committee concluded that the Company's overall compensation program as it relates to its NEOs enjoys the support of the Company's shareholders and does not require revision to address any broad shareholder concerns.
Policy Related to Equity Awards
Our practice has been to grant long-term incentive awards at pre-established meetings of the Committee. Annual long-term incentive awards, which typically include the awards granted to all of the NEOs, are usually approved in March. However, the Committee retains the ability to determine, and has in the past determined, that another grant date may be appropriate in certain circumstances. Awards may also be approved at other Committee meetings typically for executives hired or promoted since the prior meeting. In connection with valuing the grants of stock-based awards, it is our policy generally to use, as the grant or strike price for any stock-based compensation vehicle, the closing price of our Common Stock on the date the Committee approves the award. The Committee typically approves a dollar amount for each restricted unit award, which is then divided by the closing price of our Common Stock on the date of grant to arrive at the number of restricted units to be granted.
Executive Stock Ownership and Retention Guidelines
Our executive stock ownership guidelines require senior officers to acquire and hold designated levels of Avis Budget Common Stock. Under these guidelines, our CEO is required to retain 100%, and other NEOs are required to retain a minimum of 50% of the net shares (net of taxes) obtained upon the vesting of restricted stock awards and of vested stock options (if applicable), until reaching the following specified ownership thresholds:
Given the mandatory hold provision until thresholds are obtained, there is no specified deadline for achieving designated thresholds. For purposes of the executive stock ownership guidelines, stock ownership is defined to include stock owned by the executive directly, stock owned indirectly through the Company's savings plan, and the "in-the-money" portion of vested stock options. Our current NEOs have exceeded the applicable specified ownership threshold, with the exception of our Former Interim CFO.
Following attainment of ownership thresholds, our NEOs are required, for a period of one year, to hold an amount equal to 50% of the net shares obtained upon the vesting of any equity award and 50% of all stock options that vest.
Employment and Change of Control Agreements; Severance Arrangements
To foster the retention of our key management team and in accordance with past practice, we entered into an employment agreement with our CEO in connection with his assumption of the role in 2016.
We have also entered into agreements with our President, Americas, our President, International, and our GC under which the Company seeks to provide these officers with appropriate protections consistent with prevailing market practices. In addition, we entered into an agreement with our Former Interim CFO in 2017, which was subsequently amended in February 2019, setting forth the terms of his interim assignment and his temporary relocation from the United Kingdom to the United States.
A more detailed description of the Company's current agreements with our NEOs is set forth below under the heading "Employment Agreements and Other Arrangements," and the benefits that would be received by our NEOs in the event of termination without cause or a change in control are set forth below under the heading "Termination, Severance and Change of Control Arrangements."
Perquisites and Benefits
We seek to provide perquisites to our executives that are consistent with those provided by the general market and Peer Group companies. Our perquisites currently consist primarily of financial planning services, auto use or allowance, discounted auto insurance, auto leasing through the employee lease program and limited personal use of Company-leased aircraft services. In 2018, Mr. Servodidio, who was based in the United Kingdom, was also provided with expatriate benefits associated with a Company-requested long-term assignment to the United Kingdom, and Mr. Smith was also provided with some expatriate benefits associated with his temporary relocation to the United States from the United Kingdom. The Company does not provide tax reimbursements on perquisites for any of our NEOs other than relocation and expatriate benefits in accordance with the Company's standard policies.
Table of Contents
Employees, including our NEOs, may also receive tickets for professional baseball games held at Yankee Stadium, which are part of the Company's season ticket subscription, and do not result in an associated incremental cost to our Company. Our ticket allocation policy is generally seniority-based, with a valid business purpose superseding any personal use. We will continue to review our compensation and benefit programs to ensure that we remain competitive with comparable companies and are able to attract and retain highly qualified senior executives.
Anti-Hedging Policy
The Company's insider trading policy prohibits executive officers and directors from, among other things, (i) engaging in hedging transactions with respect to Company securities, including through the use of financial instruments such as prepaid variable forwards, equity swaps, collars and exchange funds, and (ii) holding Company securities in a margin account or otherwise pledging Company securities as collateral for a loan. Short sales of the Company's securities are also prohibited under such policy.
Recoupment (Clawback) Policy
Our Board of Directors has adopted a policy that provides that if the Board learns of any intentional misconduct by an "executive officer" (as defined under Section 16 of the Exchange Act) that resulted in an increase to incentive income awarded to that officer, the Board will, to the full extent permitted by applicable law, in all appropriate cases, require reimbursement of the increased portion of incentive income awarded to that officer. We intend to amend our clawback policy, if necessary, to comply with any rules adopted by the SEC.
Deductibility of Compensation
Prior to the passage of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, the Section 162(m) limitation on deductibility of certain compensation in excess of $1.0 million per year paid to certain of our NEOs did not apply to compensation that qualifies under applicable regulations as "performance-based." For 2017 and prior years, it was our intent to design the performance-based compensation we awarded to our NEOs to satisfy the requirements for deductibility under Section 162(m); however, the Committee is authorized to exercise discretion in determining payments in relation to levels of achievement of performance goals and believes that the total compensation program for executive officers should be managed in accordance with the objectives outlined in our compensation philosophy and in the best overall interests of our shareholders. For this reason, some compensation intended to be performance-based may exceed the limitations or not meet the requirements for deductibility under Section 162(m).
Compensation Committee Report
The Avis Budget Compensation Committee has reviewed and discussed the Compensation Discussion and Analysis required by Item 402(b) of Regulation S-K with management and, based on this review and discussion, the Compensation Committee recommended to the Board that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in this Proxy Statement.
THE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE
Mary Choksi, Chair
Brian J. Choi
Leonard S. Coleman
Jeffrey H. Fox
Table of Contents
Summary Compensation Table
Table of Contents
All Other Compensation Table
*Reflects a £/$ exchange rate as of the date paid, received or allocated.
**For Mr. Servodidio, amounts include allowances for home leave, utilities, and a goods and services differential to make up for the difference in prices between home and host locations in addition to reasonable car rental costs for his accompanying spouse while on assignment. For 2016, amounts for Mr. De Shon relate solely to return moving and shipment services in connection with the end of his assignment to the United Kingdom. For Mr. Smith, amount includes reimbursements for home leave to the United Kingdom.
***For Mr. Smith, amounts include destination services related to his relocation from the United Kingdom to the United States.
Table of Contents
Perquisites Table
CEO Pay Ratio
In 2017, the Company reviewed a comparison of CEO pay to the pay of all its employees in 2017. The review included all employees employed by the Company as of October 1, 2017 and excluded 517, 293, 92, 8 and 609 of non-U.S. based employees in India, Brazil, Argentina, Monaco and China, respectively. We identified our median employee by (i) examining payroll records of each employee as previously described, whether employed on a full-time, part-time, seasonal or temporary basis, to calculate each employee's gross earnings for a twelve-month period starting October 1, 2016 through September 30, 2017; (ii) ranking, by total amount of gross earnings, all employees except for our CEO from highest to lowest, resulting in a list of 29,083 employees; and (iii) selecting the employee ranked 14,542 on the list (the "Median Employee").
In 2018, our employee mix and compensation structure remained consistent with the prior year. As a result, we believe that there has not been a change in our employee population or compensation arrangements that would significantly change our pay ratio disclosure. Therefore, for 2018, we calculated total annual compensation for the Median Employee, using the same methodology used for our named executive officers as set forth in the Summary Compensation Table above. Total compensation for 2018 for our CEO was $8,427,166. Our Median Employee's total compensation for 2018 was $30,132. The ratio of our CEO's pay to the pay of our Median Employee for 2018 is 280 to 1.
Table of Contents
2018 Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table
Table of Contents
Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End Table
Scheduled Vesting
2018 Option Exercises and Stock Vested Table
Table of Contents
Pension Benefits Table
Non-qualified Deferred Compensation Table
Employment Agreements and Other Arrangements
Each NEO is employed by us pursuant to a written agreement of employment or has a severance agreement, as summarized below and discussed under "Employment and Change of Control Agreements; Severance Arrangements."
Table of Contents
Mr. De Shon
In addition to providing for a minimum base salary of $1,000,000 (pursuant to Committee discretion such salary was increased to $1,100,000 in 2017) and employee benefit plans generally available to our executive officers, Mr. De Shon's agreement provides for an annual incentive award with a target amount equal to 150% of his base salary, which may be subject to the attainment of performance goals, and grants of long-term incentive awards, upon such terms and conditions as determined by our Board of Directors or the Committee. Mr. De Shon's agreement provides that if his employment with the Company is terminated without "Cause" or due to a "Constructive Discharge" (as described below), he will be entitled to a lump-sum payment equal to 200% of the sum of his then-current base salary plus his then-current target annual bonus, and perquisites to include car usage, financial planning and health coverage for a period of 24 months. In addition, in this event, Mr. De Shon's then outstanding equity awards, scheduled to vest in accordance with the original vesting schedule by the two-year anniversary of termination of employment, would immediately vest in full. However, awards that vest based on the achievement of specified objective performance goals will remain outstanding following such termination and become vested or be forfeited based on actual achievement of the applicable performance goals during the two-year period following such termination. Payments described in the preceding two sentences are subject to, and contingent upon, execution of a release of claims against the Company. Mr. De Shon's agreement provides for non-competition and non-solicitation covenants which will last two years following Mr. De Shon's employment with us.
Messrs. Ferraro and Tucker
The severance agreement for each of Mr. Ferraro and Mr. Tucker provides that if the executive's employment is terminated by us other than for "Cause" (as described below), disability or death, he will receive a lump-sum severance payout equal to 200% of the sum of base salary plus target incentive bonus, and perquisites to include car usage, financial planning and health coverage for a period of 24 months. In addition, in connection with such termination, each agreement also generally provides for accelerated vesting on termination of the stock-based awards which would have vested in accordance with their original vesting schedule by the two-year anniversary of termination of employment. However, awards that vest based on the achievement of specified objective performance goals will remain outstanding following such termination and become vested or be forfeited based on actual achievement of the applicable performance goals during the two-year period following such termination. Severance is contingent upon execution of a separation agreement containing a release of claims against the Company and non-competition covenants.
Mr. Servodidio
In March 2019, the Company entered into a Separation Agreement with Mr. Servodidio in connection with his resignation from the Company, which will become effective on June 14, 2019. Previously, Mr. Servodidio was party to a severance agreement on substantially the same terms as described above for Messrs. Ferraro and Tucker (the "Prior Agreement"). The Separation Agreement generally provides for severance in accordance with the Prior Agreement, subject to a release condition and continuation of restricted covenants, including non-competition and non-solicitation.
Mr. Smith
In June 2017, the Company entered into a letter agreement with Mr. Smith in connection with his interim appointment to Chief Financial Officer. In addition to providing for a minimum base salary of $575,000 and employee benefit plans generally available to our executive officers, including expatriate benefits, Mr. Smith's agreement provides for an annual incentive award with a target amount equal to 80% of his base salary, subject to attainment of performance goals. The agreement also provides for certain tax and short-term relocation benefits generally in accordance with the Company's standard policies. In February 2019, Mr. Smith's agreement was amended to provide that for a period of six months following the effective date of the appointment by the Company of its next permanent Chief Financial Officer (which occurred on March 18, 2019), Mr. Smith will provide transition and advisory services. So long as Mr. Smith does not voluntarily resign and is not terminated by the Company for cause, during this six-month period he will continue to be paid his current base salary and following this six-month period he will be paid an amount equal to $912,500, upon execution of a release of claims against the Company to include post-termination restrictive covenants. In approving the amendments to Mr. Smith's agreement, the Committee recognized Mr. Smith's 16-year tenure with the Company and that the interim appointment was longer than originally anticipated, and was focused on retaining Mr. Smith to ensure a smooth transition to the permanent Chief Financial Officer.
As noted above, no NEO is entitled to any tax gross-up or other payments for any "golden parachute" excise taxes, interest or penalties.
Certain Defined Terms
For Mr. De Shon:
"Constructive Discharge" generally means (a) any material diminution to Mr. De Shon's duties and responsibilities, including Mr. De Shon ceasing to be the most senior executive officer of a public company, (b) Mr. De Shon does not report directly
Table of Contents to the Board of Directors, (c) any material failure of the Company to fulfill its obligations under the applicable employment agreement, (d) the relocation of our business office more than 30 miles, or (e) the failure of a successor to the Company to assume the applicable employment agreement.
For all our NEOs:
"Cause" is defined in the agreement for each NEO and generally includes the willful failure to substantially perform duties, any act of fraud, embezzlement or similar conduct and conviction of a felony.
Discussion of Change-in-Control Provisions
Equity Awards
The Company's Amended and Restated Equity and Incentive Plan (the "Equity Plan") generally provides that equity awards accelerate following a Change in Control (as defined in the Equity Plan) of the Company only if a participant is also terminated without cause or experiences a Constructive Discharge (as defined in the Equity Plan) within two years following a Change in Control. Under the Equity Plan:
"Change in Control" is generally defined as (a) any person or entity is or becomes the "beneficial owner" of 50% or more of the combined voting power of the Company's then outstanding voting securities; (b) a change in the majority of the members of the Board; (c) there is a merger or consolidation of the Company; or (d) shareholders of the Company approve a plan of complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company or there is a sale or disposition by the Company, of all or substantially all of the Company's assets; and
"Constructive Discharge" is generally defined as set forth in a grantee's employment agreement, or if no agreement or definition exists it is defined as: (a) a material reduction in base compensation, (b) a material adverse change in the nature or status of duties or responsibilities, or (c) a relocation of more than 30 miles from the principal place of employment.
Severance
Potential severance payments are described above, none of which are payable solely due to a Change in Control (as defined above).
Termination, Severance and Change of Control Arrangements 
The table and narrative below describes the potential severance payments for each NEO, as of December 31, 2018.
Table of Contents
In March 2019, the Company appointed a permanent CFO. Accordingly, at the same time, Mr. Smith stepped down from the Interim CFO role, as further discussed under "Employment Agreements and Other Arrangements," and will be providing transition and advisory services for an additional six months. During this period Mr. Smith will continue to receive his current base salary. At the end of the period, Mr. Smith will receive a payment of $912,500 so long as he does not voluntarily resign and is not terminated for cause prior to the time the payment is due to be made. In 2019, Mr. Smith will also be paid a $400,000 time-based cash incentive that was granted in 2018 in lieu of an equity award, as discussed in the CD&A under "2018 Long-Term Incentive Awards."
In March 2019, the Company announced the resignation of Mr. Servodidio effective June 14, 2019. In connection with Mr. Servodidio's resignation, as further discussed under "Employment Agreements and Other Arrangements," Mr. Servodidio will receive a lump-sum cash payment of $2.5 million and vesting of 22,893 RSUs, and will remain eligible to vest in 29,792 PSUs, at target, based on actual achievement of the applicable performance goals. For two years following resignation, Mr. Servodidio will also be provided with participation in the Company's executive car programs and financial planning expense reimbursements. Mr. Servodidio will also be entitled to post-assignment repatriation, tax equalization and tax return preparation in accordance with the Company's policies.
Table of Contents
2018 Director Compensation
Non-employee directors are compensated for their service on the Board as described below.
Annual Compensation
For 2018, our annual director retainer was initially $210,000 and was then increased to $225,000, effective October 2018. To reflect their additional responsibilities, the Chairman of the Board and the chairs and members of the Audit, Compensation, Corporate Governance and Executive Committees received additional annual retainers. The current rates of these retainers are set forth below and reflect increases that were approved effective October 2018. The increases were comprised of: (i) a $3,000 increase to the Corporate Governance Chair retainer; (ii) a $2,500 increase to the member retainer for the Audit and Compensation Committees; and (iii) a $1,000 increase to the member retainer for the Corporate Governance and Executive Committees.
Prior to the 2018 Annual Meeting, the Company's Board leadership structure consisted of an Executive Chairman and a Lead Independent Director. For 2018, the Executive Chairman's compensation consisted of base salary at an annual rate of $800,000, and our Lead Independent Director received a retainer at an annual rate of $30,000. Effective as of May 2018, our Board leadership structure includes an independent Chairman of the Board as further discussed under "Corporate Governance—Board Leadership Structure." Accordingly, a Chairman retainer was approved in place of the Lead Independent Director retainer.
The changes in non-employee director compensation for 2018 were determined following a review conducted by the Company of a pay analysis with input from Pay Governance, which was discussed and reviewed by the Corporate Governance Committee and approved by the Board based on the Corporate Governance Committee's recommendation.
In 2018, director compensation was paid quarterly, 50% in cash and 50% in equity, subject to a cap of 7,500 shares per quarter. Under the Company's deferred compensation plan applicable to non-employee directors (the "NED Plan"), a director may elect to defer any or all of the cash portion of his or her compensation and direct such deferred amounts among a pre-selected group of investment options similar to those available through the deferred compensation plan available to the NEOs. Directors may also elect to receive up to 100% of their compensation in the form of equity. Starting in 2019, consistent with the changes proposed to the Amended and Restated Avis Budget Group, Inc. Equity and Incentive Plan described under "Proposal No. 4", the equity portion of director compensation will be granted in the form of an annual RSU award with vesting scheduled to occur on the first anniversary of the date of grant.
Under the NED Plan, the equity portion of director compensation is automatically deferred into the form of deferred stock units. Such units convert on a one-on-one basis into the Company's Common Stock upon termination of service, a change in control, or at a different time based on a director's election. In lieu of automatic deferral, directors may elect to receive the equity portion of their compensation in the form of the Company's Common Stock.
Directors do not receive any meeting fees or any benefits such as life or medical insurance. Any member of the Board who is also an officer or employee of our Company does not receive compensation for serving as a director, other than reimbursement of travel-related expenses for meetings held outside the Company's headquarters. Directors are eligible for limited matching of charitable contributions through the Avis Budget Group Charitable Foundation. Directors are also eligible to purchase vehicles through the auto lease program we make available to our employees; however, such purchases do not result in an associated incremental cost to the Company.
Table of Contents
Stock Ownership Guidelines
Minimum stock ownership guidelines require each non-employee director to acquire and hold designated levels of our Company's Common Stock. Under these guidelines, our non-employee directors are required to retain a minimum of 50% of the net shares (net of taxes) awarded in connection with their director compensation, until reaching an ownership threshold of five times the annual cash retainer. Given the mandatory hold provision until the threshold is obtained, there is no specified deadline for achieving designated thresholds. Under these guidelines, stock ownership is defined to include stock owned by the director directly, stock owned indirectly through the NED Plan, and the "in-the-money" portion of vested stock options, if any. As of December 31, 2018, all current directors with more than three years of Board service who receive compensation for Board service had exceeded such minimum ownership threshold. Mr. Choi and Mr. Pahwa have each elected not to receive compensation for Board service. In addition, SRS's policies do not allow either Mr. Choi or Mr. Pahwa to own any shares of the Company's Common Stock, and they are therefore not subject to the Company's stock ownership guidelines.
2018 Director Compensation Table
Table of Contents
Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation
Our Compensation Committee is comprised entirely of independent directors and administers the Company's executive compensation policies and programs. Leonard S. Coleman has served as a member of our Compensation Committee since August 2006. Brian J. Choi and Jeffrey H. Fox were appointed to the Compensation Committee in January 2016. Mary Choksi was appointed to the Compensation Committee in May 2018. None of these Directors were officers or employees of the Company or any of the Company's subsidiaries or had any relationship requiring disclosure by the Company under Item 404 of the SEC's Regulation S-K during 2018 or before.
Table of Contents
Report of Audit Committee
Management has the primary responsibility for the financial statements and the reporting process, including the system of internal controls. The independent auditors are responsible for performing an independent audit of the Company's consolidated financial statements and opining on the effectiveness of the Company's controls in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and issuing their reports thereon.
In performing its oversight function, the Audit Committee discussed the consolidated financial statements with management and the independent auditors. The Audit Committee also discussed with the independent auditors the matters required to be discussed under the rules adopted by the PCAOB.
In addition, the Audit Committee discussed with the independent auditors the auditors' independence from the Company and its management, and the independent auditors provided to the Audit Committee the written disclosures and letter required from the independent auditors by applicable requirements of the PCAOB.
The Audit Committee discussed with the Company's internal and independent auditors the overall scope and plans for their respective audits. The Audit Committee met with the internal and independent auditors, with and without management present, to discuss the results of their examinations and the evaluations of the Company's internal controls.
Based on the reviews and discussions referred to above and subject to the limitations on the roles and responsibilities of the Audit Committee referred to above and in its Charter, the Audit Committee recommended to the Board of Directors that the audited consolidated financial statements be included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 for filing with the SEC. The Audit Committee also has recommended the selection of the Company's independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2019.
THE AUDIT COMMITTEE
Francis J. Shammo, Chairman  Lynn Krominga
Glenn Lurie  F. Robert Salerno  Carl Sparks
Table of Contents
Proposal No. 2
Ratification of Appointment of Auditors
The Audit Committee's Charter provides that the Audit Committee is responsible for:
The Audit Committee has appointed Deloitte & Touche LLP ("Deloitte") as the Company's independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2019. Deloitte has served as our independent registered public accounting firm since 1997. Prior to appointing Deloitte for 2019, the Audit Committee considered Deloitte's tenure, technical expertise, capabilities as independent auditors, industry knowledge and communication with the Audit Committee, and also considered the impact on the Company of changing independent auditors.
The lead engagement partner from Deloitte is required to be rotated every five years. The process for selecting a new lead engagement partner includes a meeting between the Chair of the Audit Committee and the candidate for this role, as well as discussion by the full Audit Committee and with senior management.
A representative of Deloitte is expected to be present at the Meeting and will have the opportunity to make a statement if he or she desires to do so and will be available to respond to appropriate questions of shareholders.
Principal Accounting Firm Fees. Fees billed to the Company by Deloitte, the member firms of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, and their respective affiliates (collectively, the "Deloitte Entities") for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 were as follows:
Audit Fees. The aggregate audit fees primarily relate to the audit of the Company's annual consolidated financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 and for the reviews of the consolidated condensed financial statements included in the Company's Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and for other attest services, including services related to regulatory and statutory filings and financings.
Audit-Related Fees. The aggregate audit-related fees for 2018 and 2017 primarily relate to services in connection with potential transactions or investments and audits of employee benefit plans.
Tax Fees. The aggregate fees billed for tax services for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 relate to tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018, approximately $1.6 million of such fees related to tax compliance and approximately $1.7 million related to tax advice and tax planning. For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017, approximately $1.7 million of such fees related to tax compliance and approximately $1.0 million related to tax advice and tax planning.
All Other Fees. There were no other fees for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018 or December 31, 2017.
The Audit Committee considered the non-audit services provided by the Deloitte Entities and determined that the provision of such services was compatible with maintaining the Deloitte Entities' independence. The Audit Committee has also adopted a policy prohibiting the Company from hiring the Deloitte Entities' personnel who have been directly involved in performing
Table of Contents auditing procedures or providing accounting advice to the Company within a specified period of time in any role in which such person would be in a position to influence the contents of the Company's consolidated financial statements.
The Audit Committee has established a policy for the pre-approval of all audit and permissible non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm, as described below.
All services performed by the independent registered public accounting firm in 2018 were pre-approved in accordance with the pre-approval policy and procedures adopted by the Audit Committee. This policy describes the permitted audit, audit-related, tax and other services (collectively, the "Disclosure Categories") that the independent registered public accounting firm may perform. Prior to the beginning of each fiscal year, a description of the services (the "Service List") anticipated to be performed by the independent registered public accounting firm in each of the Disclosure Categories in the ensuing fiscal year is presented to the Audit Committee for approval.
Any requests for audit, audit-related, tax and other services not contemplated by the Service List must be submitted to the Audit Committee for specific pre-approval, except for de minimis amounts under certain circumstances as described below, and cannot commence until such approval has been granted. Normally, pre-approval is provided at regularly scheduled meetings of the Audit Committee. However, the authority to grant specific pre-approval between meetings, as necessary, has been delegated to the Chairman of the Audit Committee. The Chairman will update the full Audit Committee no later than the next regularly scheduled meeting for any interim approvals granted.
On a quarterly basis, the Audit Committee reviews the status of services and fees incurred year-to-date as compared to the original Service List and the forecast of remaining services and fees for the fiscal year.
The policy contains a de minimis provision that operates to provide retroactive approval for permissible non-audit services under certain circumstances.
Although not required by the Company's By-laws or otherwise, the Board of Directors is submitting for shareholder ratification the selection of Deloitte as the Company's independent registered public accounting firm. If the selection is not ratified, the Audit Committee will consider whether it is appropriate to select another independent registered public accounting firm.
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS
A VOTE "FOR" THE RATIFICATION OF DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP
AS THE COMPANY'S INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM FOR THE FISCAL
YEAR ENDING DECEMBER 31, 2019.
Table of Contents
Proposal No. 3
Advisory Approval Of Executive Compensation
As required by Section 14A of the Exchange Act, the Company is asking its shareholders to approve an advisory resolution to approve the compensation of our named executive officers as follows:
"RESOLVED, that the compensation paid to the Company's named executive officers as disclosed pursuant to the compensation rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, the compensation tables and any related material disclosed in this Proxy Statement, is hereby APPROVED."
This vote is not intended to address any specific item of compensation, but rather the overall compensation of our named executive officers, as described in this Proxy Statement.
This vote is advisory and, therefore, will not be binding on the Company, the Compensation Committee or our Board of Directors, nor will it overrule any prior decision or require the Board or the Compensation Committee to take any action. However, the Compensation Committee and our Board of Directors value the opinions of our shareholders, and to the extent there is any significant vote against the named executive officer compensation as disclosed in this Proxy Statement, the Compensation Committee and our Board of Directors will consider shareholders' concerns and the Compensation Committee will evaluate whether any actions are necessary to address those concerns.
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE "FOR"
THE APPROVAL OF THE RESOLUTION SET FORTH ABOVE.
Table of Contents
Proposal No. 4
Proposal To Approve The Avis Budget Group, Inc. Amended and Restated Equity and Incentive Plan
In March 2019, the Board approved, subject to shareholder approval at the Meeting, an amendment and restatement to the Avis Budget Group, Inc. Amended and Restated Equity and Incentive Plan (the "Plan"), most recently amended and restated with stockholder approval in 2016, to:
For 2018, our revenue totaled $9.1 billion, our net income was $165 million, and our Adjusted EBITDA was $781 million. The Board believes the Company's performance is due, in large part, to its highly engaged and service-focused employees and that our future success depends on our ability to attract and retain talented employees. The Board believes that equity awards can be a powerful recruiting and retention tool, while recognizing the need to be cognizant of the dilutive effect of such awards. From the inception of the Company's current share repurchase program in 2013 through December 31, 2018, the Company has repurchased approximately 40.4 million shares of common stock. Share repurchases can have the effect of offsetting or neutralizing the impact of dilution from equity awards.
The Plan includes key provisions designed to protect stockholder interests, promote effective corporate governance and reflect use of corporate governance best practices including, but not limited to, the following:
The text of the proposed amendment and restatement of the Plan is set forth in Annex A to this Proxy Statement, and the description of the Plan set forth herein is qualified in its entirety by reference to the text thereof. If approved by stockholders, the Plan, as amended, will become effective as of May 22, 2019. If we do not obtain requisite stockholder approval of the amended Plan, the current Plan (without giving effect to the proposed share increase) will remain in effect.
Table of Contents
Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans
The following table provides information about shares of our Common Stock that may be issued upon the exercise of options and restricted stock units under all of our existing equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2018.
Summary of the Amended and Restated Equity and Incentive Plan
General
The Plan, initially adopted by the Board and approved by stockholders in 2007, was subsequently amended in 2009, 2012, 2014 and 2016 to increase the shares available for issuance. Such amendments were approved by stockholders.
The purpose of the Plan is to facilitate the attraction and retention of key executive talent critical to our long-term success, to tie a significant portion of executives' compensation to the performance of the Company, including long-term performance, to align compensation with stockholder interests and to provide the Company with a strong long-term retention tool.
The Plan provides for the grant of equity-based and other awards, including restricted stock, restricted stock units, stock options, stock appreciation rights and other equity-based awards to our non-employee directors, executive officers and other key employees, consultants, independent contractors, and other individuals who perform services for the Company who are selected by our Compensation Committee for participation in Plan based on the purpose of the Plan, as described above. As of December 31, 2018, we employed approximately 30,000 people. There are currently twelve non-employee directors, seven executive officers, approximately 500 other key employees and no consultants, independent contractors or other individuals who perform services for the Company who are eligible to receive awards under the Plan, however, any of the individuals mentioned in the first sentence of this paragraph may receive awards under the Plan in the future in the discretion of the Committee.
Under the Plan, the aggregate grant date fair value of all awards granted to any individual non-employee director in any calendar year shall not exceed $1.0 million (excluding awards made in lieu of cash retainers and any stock dividends payable in respect of outstanding awards).
The closing price of the Company's Common Stock as of December 31, 2018 was $22.48.
Table of Contents
Administration
The Plan is administered by our Compensation Committee, which has the authority, among other things, to determine who will be granted awards and all of the terms and conditions of the awards. The Compensation Committee is also authorized to determine to what extent an award may be settled, cancelled, forfeited or surrendered, to interpret the Plan and any awards granted thereunder and to make all other determinations necessary or advisable for the administration of the Plan. Where the vesting or payment of an award under the Plan is subject to the attainment of performance goals, the Compensation Committee is responsible for certifying that the performance goals have been attained. Neither the Compensation Committee nor our Board has the authority under the Plan to reprice, or to cancel and re-grant, any stock option or, if applicable, other award granted under the Plan, that would lower the exercise, base or purchase price without first obtaining the approval of our stockholders.
Equity Incentive Programs
Upon approval of the proposed amendment, we estimate that we will have approximately 5.1 million shares available for future issuance under the Plan, comprised of the shares available for issuance under the current Plan (without giving effect to any of the amendments described in this proposal) plus the shares which will become authorized for issuance upon such approval. Including past grants under the current Plan, the maximum aggregate number of shares of Common Stock reserved for the grant of awards under the Plan would be approximately 22.5 million upon approval of the proposed amendment, subject to adjustment as provided in the Plan.
The Plan places limits of the maximum amount of awards that may be granted to any participant in any plan year. Under the Plan, no participant may receive awards that cover in the aggregate more than 1.0 million shares in any plan year. Shares issued under the Plan may be authorized but unissued shares or treasury shares. Awards granted after June 2009, except options and stock appreciation rights, must be counted against the foregoing share limit as 1.18 shares for every one share actually issued in connection with such award.
Shares of stock that are surrendered or withheld as payment of either the exercise price of an award or withholding taxes in respect of an award (including shares underlying a stock appreciation right that are retained by the Company to account for the grant price of the stock appreciation right) are no longer available for awards under the Plan. If any shares subject to an award granted under the Plan are forfeited, cancelled or surrendered or if an award terminates or expires without a distribution of shares, those shares of Common Stock will again be available for awards under the Plan. In the event that the Compensation Committee determines that any corporate event, such as a stock split, reorganization, merger, consolidation, repurchase or share exchange affects our Common Stock such that an adjustment is appropriate in order to prevent dilution or enlargement of the rights of Plan participants, then the Compensation Committee will make those adjustments as it deems necessary or appropriate to any or all of:
The Compensation Committee determines all of the terms and conditions of equity-based awards under the Plan, including whether the vesting or payment of an award will be subject to the attainment of performance goals. The performance goals that may be applicable to the equity incentive program under the Plan can be based on one or more of the following criteria, as more fully described in the Plan:
Table of Contents
All performance goals may be based upon the attainment of specified levels of our performance, or the performance of a subsidiary, division or other business unit, under one or more of the measures described above either on an absolute basis or relative to the performance of other entities. The Committee also has the authority to make adjustments to performance goals, including, but not limited to, in response to changes in applicable laws, regulations or accounting principles, to exclude the impact of restructuring, transaction costs, events not directly related to our operations or not within the reasonable control of management, and discontinued operations.
Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights
The terms and conditions, including the exercise prices, expiration dates and other material conditions (including vesting terms), of stock options and stock appreciation rights granted under the Plan are determined by our Compensation Committee and set forth in an award agreement. Stock options, granted under the Plan may be "incentive stock options," or non-qualified stock options. A stock appreciation right confers on the participant the right to receive an amount, in cash or shares of our Common Stock, equal to the excess of the fair market value of a share of our Common Stock on the date of exercise over the exercise price of the stock appreciation right, and may be granted alone or in tandem with another award. The exercise price of a stock option or stock appreciation right granted under the Plan will not be less than the fair market value of our Common Stock on the date of grant. The exercise price of a stock appreciation right granted in tandem with a stock option will be the same as the stock option to which the stock appreciation right relates.
The vesting of a stock option or stock appreciation right is subject to such conditions as the Compensation Committee may determine, which may include the attainment of performance goals, but such vesting shall generally not occur prior to the first anniversary of the date of grant.
Subject to the terms of the award agreement, the consideration received or to be received for the grant or extension of an option may include cash, stock or other property, as determined by the Committee. No stock option (or stock appreciation right) may be exercisable for a period of more than 10 years following the grant date of a stock option (or stock appreciation right).
Restricted Stock
The terms and conditions of awards of restricted stock granted under the Plan are determined by our Compensation Committee and set forth in an award agreement. A restricted stock award granted under the Plan consists of shares of our Common Stock that may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged or otherwise encumbered, except as provided in the applicable award agreement or until such time as the restrictions applicable to the award lapse. Under the Plan, the Compensation Committee has the authority to determine the participants to whom restricted stock will be granted and the terms and conditions of restricted stock awards, including whether the lapse of restrictions applicable to the award will be subject to the attainment of one or more performance goals, but such lapse of restrictions shall generally not occur prior to the first anniversary of the date of grant.
Restricted Stock Units
A restricted stock unit is an award of a right to receive a share of our Common Stock. These awards are subject to such restrictions on transferability and other restrictions, if any, as the Compensation Committee may impose at the date of grant or thereafter, which restrictions may lapse separately or in combination at such times, under such circumstances (including without limitation a specified period of employment or the satisfaction of pre-established performance goals), in such installments, or otherwise, as the Compensation Committee may determine but such lapse of restrictions shall generally not occur prior to the first anniversary of the date of grant.
Table of Contents
Dividends
Dividends (or dividend equivalents) shall not be payable with respect to any shares of stock underlying an award until such award has vested, except that a grantee of an award may be provided with the right to the accrual of dividends (or dividend equivalents) on the unvested portion of an award that may be payable upon the vesting of the award.
Other Cash and Equity-Based Awards
The Plan provides for other cash and equity-based awards, the form and terms of which will be as determined by the Compensation Committee, consistent with the purposes of the Plan. The vesting or payment of one of these awards may be made subject to the attainment of performance goals but such vesting for other equity-based awards shall generally not occur prior to the first anniversary of the date of grant. The maximum amount that any participant may receive under a cash award under the Plan for any annual performance period is $10 million.
Exception to Minimum Vesting Restrictions
Minimum one-year vesting restrictions on all stock-based awards referred to above may lapse or be waived in the case of death, disability, termination of service or change of control, and awards covering up to five percent of the shares of stock available to be issued under the Plan when it becomes effective may be granted with a vesting period of less than one year. Awards granted to non-employee directors in connection with their election or reelection to the Board at an annual meeting of shareholders may provide that vesting shall occur on the next annual meeting of the Company's shareholders so long as the period between such meetings is not less than 50 weeks.
Termination of Service
Except as otherwise set forth in an award agreement or determined by the Compensation Committee in its discretion, each award shall terminate immediately upon a grantee's termination of service with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, except that so long as such termination is not for cause, a grantee shall have 90 days following the date of such termination to exercise any portion of an option or stock appreciation right that he or she could have exercised on the date of such termination so long as the exercise is accomplished prior to the expiration of the award term.
Change in Control
The Plan provides that, unless otherwise provided in an award or other agreement, including an employment agreement, or for awards that do not constitute deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code, unless determined by the Compensation Committee in its discretion, in the event of a change in control (as defined in the Plan), each award outstanding as of the change in control shall be assumed, continued, or substituted with a new award that has:
If within two years following a change in control, a grantee is terminated for any of the reasons described below, all of the grantee's outstanding awards which have not yet vested shall immediately vest and become exercisable and all restrictions on such awards shall immediately lapse:
Term
No awards will be made under the Plan following May 22, 2029. Our Board or the Compensation Committee may amend or terminate the Plan at any time, provided that the amendment or termination does not adversely affect any award that is then outstanding without the award holder's consent. We must obtain stockholder approval of an additional amendment to the Plan if stockholder approval is required to comply with any applicable law, regulation or stock exchange rule.
Table of Contents
Tax Consequences
The following summary is intended as a general guide to the United States federal income tax consequences relating to the issuance and exercise of stock options granted under the Plan. This summary does not attempt to describe all possible federal or other tax consequences of such grants or tax consequences based on particular circumstances.
Incentive Stock Options. An optionee recognizes no taxable income for regular income tax purposes as the result of the grant or exercise of an incentive stock option qualifying under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code (unless the optionee is subject to the alternative minimum tax). Optionees who dispose of their shares acquired upon the exercise of an incentive stock option ("ISO shares") more than two years after the stock option grant date and more than one year after the exercise date normally will recognize a long-term capital gain or loss equal to the difference, if any, between the sale price and the amount paid for the ISO shares. If an optionee disposes of the ISO shares within two years after the stock option grant date or within one year after the exercise date (each a "disqualifying disposition"), the optionee will realize ordinary income at the time of the disposition in an amount equal to the excess, if any, of the fair market value of the ISO shares at the time of exercise (or, if less, the amount realized on such disqualifying disposition) over the exercise price of the ISO shares being purchased. Any additional gain will be capital gain, taxed at a rate that depends upon the amount of time the ISO shares were held by the optionee. The Company will be entitled to a deduction in connection with the disposition of the ISO shares only to the extent that the optionee recognizes ordinary income on a disqualifying disposition of the ISO shares.
Non-Qualified Stock Options. An optionee generally recognizes no taxable income as the result of the grant of a non-qualified stock option. Upon the exercise of a non-qualified stock option, the optionee normally recognizes ordinary income equal to the difference between the stock option exercise price and the fair market value of the shares on the exercise date. If the optionee is a Company employee, such ordinary income generally is subject to withholding of income and employment taxes. Upon the sale of stock acquired by the exercise of a non-qualified stock option, any subsequent gain or loss, generally based on the difference between the sale price and the fair market value on the exercise date, will be taxed as capital gain or loss. The Company generally should be entitled to a deduction equal to the amount of ordinary income recognized by the optionee as a result of the exercise of a non-qualified stock option, except to the extent such deduction is limited by applicable provisions of the Code.
Certain Other Tax Issues. In addition to the matters described above, (i) any entitlement to a tax deduction on the part of the Company is subject to applicable federal tax rules; (ii) the exercise of an incentive stock option may have implications in the computation of the Company's alternative minimum taxable income; (iii) certain awards under the Plan may be subject to the requirements of Section 409A of the Code (regarding nonqualified deferred compensation); and (iv) if the exercisability or vesting of any option is accelerated because of a change in control, such option (or a portion thereof), either alone or together with certain other payments, may constitute parachute payments under Section 280G of the Code, which excess amounts may be subject to excise taxes payable by the recipient. Officers and directors of the Company subject to Section 16(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, may be subject to special tax rules regarding the income tax consequences concerning their options. The Plan is not, nor is it intended to be, qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code, and is not subject to any of the requirements of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.
Specified Benefits
No awards have been granted, and no shares have been issued, on the basis of the proposed 2,400,000 share increase. Future grants under the Plan will be made at the discretion of the Compensation Committee and, accordingly, are not yet determinable. In addition, the value of the awards granted under the Plan will depend on a number of factors, including the fair market value of our Common Stock on future dates and the exercise decisions made by the participants. Consequently, it is not possible to determine the benefits, including any awards, that might be received by participants receiving discretionary grants under the Plan.
New Plan Benefits
As of February 13, 2019, awards covering approximately 16.5 million shares of the Company's Common Stock had been granted under the Plan over the past eleven years since the initial adoption of the Plan, including shares subject to awards that expired or terminated without having been exercised or paid and became available for new award grants under the Plan.
Table of Contents
The following table sets forth the aggregate value of benefits or amounts that would have been received by or allocated to each of the following persons or groups, in each case, under the Plan with respect to fiscal year 2018 if the Plan had been in effect, in each case, based on actual awards granted in fiscal year 2018 under the prior Plan.
Options
The following table includes the number of options received since the initial adoption of the Plan by the following persons.
Table of Contents
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE "FOR" THE APPROVAL OF THE AVIS BUDGET GROUP, INC. AMENDED AND RESTATED EQUITY AND INCENTIVE PLAN
Table of Contents
Shareholder Proposals for 2020 Annual Meeting
Proposals received from shareholders are given careful consideration by the Company. Shareholder proposals submitted in accordance with Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act are eligible for consideration for inclusion in the Company's proxy statement for the 2020 annual meeting of shareholders if they are received by the Company on or before December 3, 2019. Any proposal should be directed to the attention of the Corporate Secretary, Avis Budget Group, Inc., 6 Sylvan Way, Parsippany, N.J. 07054. In order for a shareholder proposal submitted outside of Rule 14a-8 to be considered at the 2020 annual meeting of shareholders, such proposal must be received by the Company not later than the last date for submission of shareholder proposals under the By-laws). In order for a proposal (other than nominations of directors) to be timely under the By-laws, it must be received not less than sixty days (i.e., March 23, 2020) nor more than ninety days (i.e., February 22, 2020) before the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting of shareholders. In order for a director nomination to be timely under the By-laws, it must be received not less than ninety days (i.e., February 22, 2020) before the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting of shareholders. However, in the event that the annual meeting of shareholders is called for a date that is not within twenty-five days before or after the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting of shareholders, notice of a shareholder proposal in order to be timely must be received not later than the close of business on the tenth day following the day on which notice of the date of the annual meeting of shareholders was mailed or public disclosure of the date of the annual meeting of shareholders was made, whichever occurs first.
Additional Information
Eliminating Duplicate Mailings. If you share an address with other shareholders of the Company, you may receive notification that you are being sent only a single copy of the proxy materials (including a copy of the Proxy Statement and the 2018 Annual Report), unless your bank, broker or other intermediary that provides the notification receives contrary instructions from the affected shareholders. This practice, permitted under SEC rules and commonly referred to as "householding," is designed to provide extra convenience for shareholders and potential cost savings for companies.
If, at any time, you no longer wish to participate in householding and would prefer to receive a separate set of proxy materials, please notify your broker if your shares of Common Stock are held in a brokerage account or the Company if you hold registered shares of Common Stock. We will promptly deliver a separate copy of the proxy materials upon request. You can notify the Company by sending a written request to Avis Budget Group, Inc., 6 Sylvan Way, Parsippany, N.J. 07054, Attention: Corporate Secretary or by calling (973) 496-4700 and selecting the "Investor Relations" option.
Solicitation of Proxies. The accompanying form of proxy is being solicited on behalf of the Board of Directors of the Company. The expenses of solicitation of proxies for the Meeting will be paid by the Company. In addition to the mailing of the proxy material, such solicitation may be made in person or by telephone by directors, officers and employees of the Company, who will receive no additional compensation therefor. Upon request, the Company will reimburse brokers, dealers, banks and trustees, or their nominees, for reasonable expenses incurred by them in forwarding material to beneficial owners of Common Stock. The Company has hired Innisfree M&A Incorporated to aid in the solicitation of proxies. It is estimated that the fee for Innisfree M&A Incorporated will receive a fee of up to $15,000 plus the reimbursement of reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses. Such fee will be paid by the Company.
By Order of the Board of Directors
JEAN M. SERA
Corporate Secretary
Dated: March 26, 2019
Table of Contents
AVIS BUDGET GROUP, INC.  AMENDED AND RESTATED EQUITY AND  INCENTIVE PLAN
Table of Contents
The purpose of the AVIS BUDGET GROUP, INC. Equity and Incentive Plan, as amended and restated (the "Plan"), is to promote the interests of the Company and its Subsidiaries and the stockholders of the Company by providing officers, employees, consultants and independent contractors (including non-employee directors) of the Company and its Subsidiaries with appropriate incentives and rewards to encourage them to enter into and continue in the employ or service of the Company or its Subsidiaries, to acquire a proprietary interest in the long-term success of the Company and to reward the performance of individuals in fulfilling their personal responsibilities for long-range and annual achievements. The Plan provides for the grant, in the sole discretion of the Committee, of options (including "incentive stock options" and "nonqualified stock options"), stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units and other stock- or cash-based awards. Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan, to the extent that any Award would be subject to Section 409A of the Code, no such Award may be granted if it would fail to comply with the requirements set forth in Section 409A of the Code and any regulations or guidance promulgated thereunder. The Plan is an amendment and restatement of the Prior Plan. Awards granted under the Prior Plan prior to the Amendment Date will be subject to the terms of the Prior Plan.
For purposes of the Plan, the following terms shall be defined as set forth below:
Table of Contents
Table of Contents
The Plan shall be administered by the Committee. The Committee shall have the authority in its sole discretion, subject to and not inconsistent with the express provisions of the Plan, to administer the Plan and to exercise all the powers and authorities either specifically granted to it under the Plan or necessary or advisable in the administration of the Plan, including, without limitation, the authority to grant Awards; to determine the persons to whom and the time or times at which Awards shall be granted; to determine the type and number of Awards to be granted, the number of shares of Stock to which an Award may relate and the terms, conditions, restrictions and performance criteria relating to any Award; and to determine whether, to what extent, and under what circumstances an Award may be settled, cancelled, forfeited, exchanged, or surrendered; to make adjustments in the terms and conditions of, and the Performance Goals (if any) included in, Awards; to construe and interpret the Plan and any Award; to prescribe, amend and rescind rules and regulations relating to the Plan; to determine the terms and provisions of the
Table of Contents
Award Agreements (which need not be identical for each Grantee); and to make all other determinations deemed necessary or advisable for the administration of the Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the Board, the Committee nor their respective delegates shall have the authority to reprice (or cancel and regrant) any Option or, if applicable, other Award at a lower exercise, base or purchase price without first obtaining the approval of the Company's stockholders.
All determinations of the Committee shall be made by a majority of its members either present in person or participating by conference telephone at a meeting or by written consent. The Committee may delegate to one or more of its members or to one or more agents such administrative duties as it may deem advisable, and the Committee or any person to whom it has delegated duties as aforesaid may employ one or more persons to render advice with respect to any responsibility the Committee or such person may have under the Plan. All decisions, determinations and interpretations of the Committee shall be final and binding on all persons, including but not limited to the Company, any Subsidiary of the Company, or Grantee (or any person claiming any rights under the Plan from or through any Grantee) and any stockholder.
No member of the Board or Committee shall be liable for any action taken or determination made in good faith with respect to the Plan or any Award granted hereunder.
Awards may be granted to executive officers and other key employees, consultants and independent contractors (including non-employee directors) of the Company or its Subsidiaries, including officers and directors who are employees, to key consultants to the Company or its Subsidiaries, and to other individuals who perform services for or provide services to the Company or its Subsidiaries. In determining the persons to whom Awards shall be granted and the number of shares to be covered by each Award, the Committee shall take into account the duties of the respective persons, their present and potential contributions to the success of the Company or its Subsidiaries and such other factors as the Committee shall deem relevant in connection with accomplishing the purposes of the Plan.
The aggregate grant date fair value (computed as of the date of grant in accordance with applicable financial accounting rules) of all equity Awards granted to any individual non-employee director in any calendar year (excluding Awards made pursuant to deferred compensation arrangements in lieu of all or a portion of cash retainers and any stock dividends payable in respect of outstanding awards) shall not exceed $1.0 million.
The maximum number of shares of Stock reserved for the grant of Awards under the Plan shall be 22,500,000 shares of Stock (all of which such shares of Stock may be granted as ISOs), subject to adjustment as provided herein; provided that each Award granted hereunder after March 18, 2009 (other than Awards in respect of Options and SARS) shall be counted against the foregoing share limit as 1.18 shares for every one share actually issued in connection with such Award. Subject to adjustment as provided herein, no more than 1,000,000 shares of Stock may be made subject to Awards granted to an individual in a single calendar year.
Such shares of Stock may, in whole or in part, be authorized but unissued shares or shares of Stock that shall have been or may be reacquired by the Company in the open market, in private transactions or otherwise. If any shares of Stock subject to an Award are forfeited, or cancelled or if an Award terminates or expires without a distribution of shares to the Grantee, the shares of Stock with respect to such Award shall, to the extent of any such forfeiture, cancellation, termination or expiration, again be available for Awards under the Plan. Upon the exercise of any Award granted in tandem with any Awards such related Awards shall be cancelled to the extent of the number of shares of Stock as to which the Award is exercised and, notwithstanding the foregoing, such number of shares shall no longer be available for Awards under the Plan. In addition, shares of Stock surrendered or withheld as payment of either the exercise price of an Award (including shares of Stock otherwise underlying an Award of a SAR that are retained by the Company to account for the grant price of such SAR) and/or withholding taxes in respect of an Award shall no longer be available for Awards under the Plan.
In the event that the Committee shall determine that any dividend or other distribution (whether in the form of cash, Stock, or other property), recapitalization, Stock split, reverse split, reorganization, merger, consolidation, spin-off, combination, repurchase, or share exchange, or other similar corporate transaction or event, affects the Stock such that an adjustment is appropriate in order to prevent dilution or enlargement of the rights of Grantees under the Plan, then the Committee shall make such equitable changes or adjustments as it deems necessary or appropriate to any or all of (i) the number and kind of shares of Stock or other property (including cash) that may thereafter be issued in connection with Awards, (ii) the number and kind of shares of Stock or other property (including cash) issued or issuable in respect of outstanding Awards, (iii) the exercise price, grant price, or purchase price relating to any Award; provided, that, with respect to ISOs, such adjustment shall be made in accordance with Section 424(h) of the Code; and (iv) the Performance Goals applicable to outstanding Awards.
Table of Contents
Table of Contents
[BEGIN TABLE]
      (C) Payment. An SAR shall confer          on the Grantee a right to receive an amount with respect to each share of Stock subject thereto, upon exercise thereof,          equal to the excess of (1) the Fair Market Value of one share of Stock on the date of exercise over (2) the grant price          of the SAR (which in the case of an SAR granted in tandem with an Option shall be equal to the exercise price of the underlying          Option, and which in the case of any other SAR shall be such price as the Committee may determine but in no event shall          be less than the Fair Market Value of a share of Stock on the date of grant of such SAR). A SAR may be exercised by giving          written notice of such exercise to the Committee or its designated agent.  
[END TABLE]
Table of Contents
Table of Contents
Table of Contents
Table of Contents
Table of Contents
