 
UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
WASHINGTON, DC 20549
SCHEDULE 14A
(Rule 14a-101)
INFORMATION REQUIRED IN PROXY STATEMENT
SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION
Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934
Filed by the Registrant  ☒                            Filed by a Party other than the Registrant  ☐
Check the appropriate box:
[BEGIN TABLE]
 ☐     Preliminary Proxy Statement 
 ☐     Confidential, For Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) 
 ☒     Definitive Proxy Statement 
 ☐     Definitive Additional Materials 
 ☐     Soliciting Material Under Rule 14a-12 
[END TABLE]
Comstock Holding Companies, Inc.
(Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter)
(Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if Other Than the Registrant)
Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box):
[BEGIN TABLE]
 ☒     No fee required. 
 ☐     Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. 
       1)     Title of each class of securities to which transaction applies:         
       1)     Title of each class of securities to which transaction applies:         
       2)     Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies:         
       3)     Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11 (set forth the amount on which the filing fee is calculated and state how it was determined):         
       3)     Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11 (set forth the amount on which the filing fee is calculated and state how it was determined):         
       4)     Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction:         
       5)     Total fee paid:         
       5)     Total fee paid:         
 ☐     Fee paid previously with preliminary materials: 
 ☐     Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing for which the offsetting fee was paid previously. Identify the previous filing by registration statement number, or the Form or Schedule and the date of its filing. 
       1)     Amount previously paid:         
       1)     Amount previously paid:         
       2)     Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.:         
       3)     Filing Party:         
       3)     Filing Party:         
       4)     Date Filed:         
[END TABLE]
COMSTOCK HOLDING COMPANIES, INC.
1886 Metro Center Drive, 4th Floor
Reston, Virginia 20190
NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
TO BE HELD ON FEBRUARY 12, 2019
A Special Meeting of Stockholders of Comstock Holding Companies, Inc. (the "Company"), a Delaware corporation, will be held at 10:00 a.m. local time, on February 12, 2019, at the second floor conference center at Reston Station, located at 1900 Reston Metro Plaza, 2nd Floor, Reston, Virginia 20190, for the following purposes:
1. To approve an amendment to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of Class A common stock;
2. To approve the Comstock Holding Companies, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan; and
3. To transact any other business that may properly come before the meeting or any adjournment thereof.
These items of business are more fully described in the proxy statement accompanying this Notice. Only stockholders of record at the close of business on January 18, 2019 are entitled to notice of and to vote at the meeting.
All stockholders are cordially invited to attend the meeting and vote in person. To assure your representation at the meeting, however, you are urged to mark, sign, date, and return the enclosed proxy card as promptly as possible in the postage-prepaid envelope enclosed for that purpose. You may vote in person at the meeting even if you have previously returned a proxy card.
[BEGIN TABLE]
             Sincerely, 
 Reston, Virginia           Jubal R. Thompson 
 January 25, 2019           General Counsel and Secretary 
[END TABLE]
 COMSTOCK HOLDING COMPANIES, INC.
1886 Metro Center Drive, 4th Floor
Reston, Virginia 20190
PROXY STATEMENT
VOTING AND OTHER MATTERS
General
The enclosed proxy is solicited on behalf of Comstock Holding Companies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company" or "us"), by our Board of Directors (the "Board") for use at a Special Meeting of Stockholders to be held on February 12, 2019 at 10:00 a.m., local time, or at any adjournment thereof, for the purposes set forth in this proxy statement and in the accompanying Notice of Special Meeting of Stockholders. The meeting will be held at the second floor conference center at Reston Station, located at 1900 Reston Metro Plaza, 2nd Floor, Reston, Virginia 20190. If you need directions to the meeting, please contact Judy Whitaker at 703-883-1700.
This proxy statement and form of proxy are first being mailed on or about January 25, 2019 to all stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting.
Voting Securities and Voting Rights
Stockholders of record at the close of business on January 18, 2019, which we have set as the record date, are entitled to notice of and to vote at the meeting.  As of December 21, 2018, there were issued and outstanding 3,617,943 shares of our Class A common stock and 220,250 shares of our Class B common stock. Each holder of our Class A common stock voting at the meeting, either in person or by proxy, may cast one vote per share of Class A common stock held on all matters to be voted on at the meeting. Each holder of our Class B common stock voting at the meeting, either in person or by proxy, may cast 15 votes per share of Class B common stock held on all matters to be voted on at the meeting.
The meeting will be held only if there is a quorum present. A quorum exists only if the holders of a majority of the voting power of the issued and outstanding stock of the Company and entitled to vote at the meeting are present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting. Votes cast by proxy or in person at the meeting will be tabulated by the inspector of elections appointed for the meeting and will determine whether a quorum is present. The inspector of elections will treat abstentions and broker non-votes as shares that are present and entitled to vote for purposes of determining the presence of a quorum. 
Under the rules of the New York Stock Exchange, on certain routine matters, brokers may, at their discretion, vote shares they hold in "street name" on behalf of beneficial owners who have not returned voting instructions to the brokers, so- called "broker non-votes." In instances where brokers are prohibited from exercising discretionary authority, the shares they hold are not included in the vote totals. Brokers will be prohibited from exercising discretionary authority with respect to both Proposal 1 and Proposal 2 (defined below). Therefore, if you hold your shares in the name of a bank, broker or other holder of record, for your vote to be counted in Proposals 1 and 2 you will need to communicate your voting decisions to your bank, broker or other holder of record before the date of the meeting.
Voting Requirements
Approval of an amendment to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of Class A common stock ("Proposal 1") requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the common stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote at the Special Meeting.  Approval of the Comstock Holding Companies, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan ("Proposal 2") requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the common stock present, in person or represented by proxy, and entitled to vote at the Special Meeting.  Stockholders may vote "for," "against" or "abstain" from voting on Proposal 1 and Proposal 2. Abstentions and broker non-votes will have the same effect as a vote against Proposal 1. Abstentions will have the same effect as a vote against Proposal 2, and broker non-votes will have no effect on Proposal 2.
Whether or not a person plans to attend the meeting, such person may vote by completing, signing and dating the accompanying proxy card and returning it in the postage-prepaid envelope enclosed for that purpose. If a person attends the meeting, they may vote in person even if such person had previously returned a proxy card.
Voting of Proxies
When a proxy card is properly executed and returned, the shares it represents will be voted at the meeting as directed. If no specification is indicated, the shares will be voted (1) "for" the approval of the amendment to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of Class A common stock and (2) "for" the approval of the Comstock Holding Companies, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan.
At the time of printing this proxy, we do not know of any other matter that may come before the Special Meeting and do not intend to present any other matter. However, if any other matters properly come before the meeting or any adjournment or postponement, the persons named as proxies will have discretionary authority to vote the shares represented by the proxies in accordance with their own judgment, including the authority to vote to adjourn the meeting.
Revocability of Proxies
Any person giving a proxy may revoke the proxy at any time before its use by delivering to us either a written notice of revocation or a duly executed proxy bearing a later date or by attending the meeting and voting in person.
Solicitation
This solicitation is being made by us and will be paid for by the Company. In addition, we may reimburse brokerage firms and other persons representing beneficial owners of shares for expenses incurred in forwarding solicitation materials to such beneficial owners. Proxies also may be solicited by certain of our directors and officers, personally or by telephone or e-mail, without compensation for the solicitation.
Deadline for Receipt of Stockholder Proposals for our 2019 Annual Meeting
Proposals of stockholders intended for inclusion in the proxy statement to be furnished to all stockholders entitled to vote at our 2019 annual meeting of stockholders, pursuant to Rule 14a-8 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, by the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") must be received at our principal executive offices not later than January 17, 2019, which is 120 days prior to the first anniversary of the mailing date of the proxy statement for the 2018 annual meeting of stockholders. Any proposal must comply with the requirements as to form and substance established by the SEC for such proposal to be included in our proxy statement.
Under our bylaws, stockholders who wish to submit a proposal at the 2019 annual meeting, other than one that will be included in our proxy statement, must deliver such proposal to the Secretary our principal executive offices between February 14, 2019 and March 16, 2019, unless the date of the 2019 annual meeting of the stockholders is more than 30 days before or more than 60 days after the one-year anniversary of the 2018 annual meeting. If a stockholder who wishes to present a proposal fails to notify us in the appropriate time frame and such proposal is brought before the 2019 annual meeting, then under the SEC's proxy rules, the proxies solicited by management with respect to the 2019 annual meeting will confer discretionary voting authority with respect to the stockholder's proposal on the persons selected by management to vote the proxies. If a stockholder makes a timely notification, the proxies may still exercise discretionary voting authority under circumstances consistent with the SEC's proxy rules. Stockholders should submit their proposals to Comstock Holding Companies, Inc., 1886 Metro Center Drive, 4th Floor, Reston, Virginia 20190, Attention: Corporate Secretary. IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS FOR
THE SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS TO BE HELD ON FEBRUARY 12, 2019
This proxy statement is available at www.comstockcompanies.com/proxymaterial. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-looking Statements
This proxy statement includes forward-looking statements that are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as "anticipate," "believe," "estimate," "may," "likely," "intend," "expect," "will," "should," "seeks" or other similar words or expressions. Forward-looking statements are based largely on our expectations and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. You should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statement, which speaks only as of the date made. Some factors which may affect the accuracy of the forward-looking statements apply generally to the real estate industry, while other factors apply specifically to us. Any number of important factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements including, without limitation: our ability to transition our business strategy and operating platform and secure any necessary funding for such transition and future growth; general economic and market conditions, including interest rate levels; our ability to service our debt; inherent risks in investment in real estate; our ability to compete in the markets in which we operate; economic risks in the markets in which we operate, including actions related to government spending; delays in governmental approvals and/or land development activity at our projects; regulatory actions; our ability to maintain compliance with stock market listing rules and standards; fluctuations in operating results; our anticipated growth strategies; shortages and increased costs of labor or building materials; the availability and cost of land in desirable areas; natural disasters; our ability to raise debt and equity capital or issue additional equity securities to retire existing debt and grow our operations on a profitable basis; and our continuing relationships with affiliates.
Additional information concerning these and other important risks and uncertainties can be found under the heading "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017. Our actual results could differ materially from these projected or suggested by the forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to update publicly or revise any forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events, except as required by law. PROPOSAL 1
APPROVAL OF THE AMENDMENT TO OUR AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION TO INCREASE THE NUMBER OF AUTHORIZED SHARES OF CLASS A COMMON STOCK
On December 12, 2018, the Board approved, and is recommending to our stockholders for approval, an amendment to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of Class A common stock from 11,038,071 to 59,779,750 and a corresponding increase to the number of authorized shares of capital stock from 31,258,321 to 80,000,000.  The proposed amendment would not increase the authorized number of shares of Class B common stock or preferred stock. 
If approved, our proposed Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation would be amended by deleting the first part of Article IV that appears prior to section (A) of Article IV and inserting the following in lieu thereof: 
"The total number of shares of all classes of capital stock which the Corporation shall have authority to issue is 80,000,000 shares, of which:
Fifty-Nine Million Seven Hundred Seventy-Nine Thousand Seven Hundred and Fifty (59,779,750) shares, par value $0.01 per share, shall be shares of Class A common stock (the "Class A Common Stock");
Two Hundred Twenty Thousand and Two Hundred Fifty (220,250) shares, par value $0.01 per share, shall be shares of Class B common stock (the "Class B Common Stock" and, together with the Class A Common Stock, the "Common Stock"); and
Twenty Million (20,000,000) shares, par value $0.01 per share, shall be shares of preferred stock (the "Preferred Stock")."
Purpose of the Proposed Amendment 
The principal purpose of this proposal is to authorize additional shares of Class A common stock for future issuance in order to raise additional capital for the Company that may be used to enhance the balance sheet of the Company (including for retiring existing debt) and/or for general corporate purposes to fund the future growth initiatives of the Company in accordance with our recent change in business strategy.  
On April 2, 2018, the Company announced that it is transitioning its business strategy and operating platform from for-sale homebuilding to commercial development, asset management and real estate services. This transition is expected to be fully completed by the first half of 2019 and will allow the Company to explore additional investment activities consistent with its new strategic direction.  In furtherance of the Company's stated change in corporate  strategy, CDS Asset Management, L.C. ("CAM"), an entity wholly owned by the Company, entered into an asset management agreement (the "AMA") with Comstock Development Services, LC ("CDS"), an entity wholly owned by Christopher Clemente, the Chief Executive Officer of the Company.  Pursuant to the AMA, CDS has engaged CAM to manage the commercial real estate portfolio of CDS and its affiliates for an initial term expiring on December 21, 2022.   
The additional shares authorized pursuant to this proposal, if and when issued, may be used as described above and for various other purposes. These additional purposes may include providing equity incentives to employees, officers and non-employee directors through our proposed 2019 Omnibus Plan (see Proposal 2 below), and for any other general corporate purposes deemed appropriate by the Company.   
While the Company believes the increase in the authorization of our Class A common stock and potential future issuance of additional shares is an appropriate strategy for the purposes outlined above, the Company does not have any agreements concerning the issuance of any such additional shares as of the date of this proxy statement.  However, the Company expects to enter into in the near future one or more transactions regarding the issuance of shares for the purpose of retiring the debt of the Company and/or or providing it with additional capital for continued growth.  There can be no assurance that such transaction or transactions will be completed.  The Board believes that the proposed increase in the number of authorized shares of Class A common stock is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders.
The consequences of our failure to increase the authorized number of shares of our Class A common stock may include our inability to satisfy the objectives outlined above on terms and conditions deemed acceptable to the Company. 
Potential Effects of the Proposed Amendment 
The additional shares of Class A common stock, if and when issued, would have the same rights and privileges as the shares of Class A common stock currently authorized.  As such, the amendment will not affect the rights, privileges or preferences of the Company's existing holders of Class A common stock. The issuance of additional shares of the newly authorized Class A common stock would decrease the percentage ownership of the Company's existing Class A stockholders and, depending upon the price at which such shares are issued, could be dilutive to the Company's existing stockholders. Existing stockholders do not have preemptive rights to acquire the Class A common stock authorized by this proposed amendment. We have not proposed the increase in the authorized number of shares of Class A common stock with the intention of using the additional shares for anti-takeover purposes, although an issuance of additional shares could make an attempt to acquire control of the Company more difficult. 
Timing of the Proposed Amendment 
If the proposed amendment to increase the number of authorized shares of Class A common stock is approved by the Company's stockholders, the increase will become effective immediately upon the filing of a Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, which we expect to file promptly after the Special Meeting. The form of proposed certificate  of amendment to the Company's Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to increase the authorized shares of our Class A common stock is attached to this proxy statement as Annex A.
Vote Required and Board Recommendation 
The approval of this proposal to amend our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the common stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote at the Special Meeting. 
The Board recommends a vote "FOR" the proposal to amend the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of Class A common stock. PROPOSAL 2
APPROVAL OF THE COMSTOCK HOLDING COMPANIES, INC.
2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan
On December 12, 2018, the Board adopted the Comstock Holding Companies, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the "2019 Omnibus Plan"). The 2019 Omnibus Plan will become effective as of the date it is approved by our stockholders. 
The 2019 Omnibus Plan is intended to serve as the successor to the Comstock Homebuilding Companies, Inc. Amended and Restated 2004 Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan (the "Prior Plan"). As of December 31, 2018, there were approximately 555,932 shares of our common stock subject to outstanding awards under the Prior Plan. As of such date, there were approximately 62,283 shares of our common stock reserved and available for future awards under the Prior Plan. If our stockholders approve the 2019 Omnibus Plan, all future equity awards will be made from the 2019 Omnibus Plan, and we will not grant any additional awards under the Prior Plan. 
A summary of the 2019 Omnibus Plan is set forth below. This summary is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the 2019 Omnibus Plan, which is attached to this proxy statement as Annex B. 
Promotion of Sound Corporate Governance Practices 
We have designed the 2019 Omnibus Plan to include a number of features that reinforce and promote alignment of equity compensation arrangements for employees, officers and non-employee directors with the interests of stockholders and the Company. These features include, but are not limited to, the following: 
[BEGIN TABLE]
• No Discounted Stock Options or Stock Appreciation Rights (SARs). Stock options and SARs may not be granted with exercise prices lower than the fair market value of the underlying shares on the grant date.  
• Prohibition on Repricing. The exercise price of a stock option or SAR may not be reduced, directly or indirectly, without the prior approval of stockholders, including by a cash repurchase of "underwater" awards.  
• Minimum Vesting Requirements. Subject to certain limited exceptions, awards granted to employees under the 2019 Omnibus Plan will either (i) be subject to a minimum vesting period of one year, or (ii) be granted solely in exchange for foregone cash compensation.   
• No Dividends on Unearned Awards. The 2019 Omnibus Plan prohibits the current payment of dividends or dividend equivalent rights on unearned awards.   
• Awards Subject to Clawback Policy. Awards under the 2019 Omnibus Plan will be subject to any compensation recoupment policy that the Company may adopt from time to time.   
• No Tax Gross-Ups. The 2019 Omnibus Plan does not provide for any tax gross-ups.  
[END TABLE]
  Key Data Relating to Outstanding Equity Awards and Shares Available 
The following table includes information regarding outstanding equity awards and shares available for future awards under the Prior Plan as of December 31, 2018 (and without giving effect to approval of the 2019 Omnibus Plan under this Proposal): 
[BEGIN TABLE]
    Prior Plan 
 Total shares underlying outstanding stock options  417,557 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding stock options  $3.42 
 Weighted-average remaining contractual life of outstanding stock options  7.67 years 
 Total shares underlying outstanding unvested full value awards  138,375 
 Total shares currently available for grant  62,283 
[END TABLE]
Summary of the 2019 Omnibus Plan 
 Purpose. The purpose of the 2019 Omnibus Plan is to promote the interests of the Company and its stockholders by strengthening the ability of the Company to attract, motivate, reward, and retain qualified individuals upon whose judgment, initiative, and efforts the financial success and growth of the business of the Company largely depend, and to provide an opportunity for such individuals to acquire stock ownership and other rights that promote and recognize the financial success and growth of the Company.
Administration. The 2019 Omnibus Plan will be administered by a committee (the "Committee") of the Board. The Committee will have the authority to designate participants; determine the type or types of awards to be granted to each participant and the number, terms and conditions thereof; establish, adopt or revise any rules and regulations as it may deem advisable to administer the 2019 Omnibus Plan; interpret the terms and intent of the 2019 Omnibus Plan and any award certificate; and make all other decisions and determinations that may be required under the 2019 Omnibus Plan. Unless and until changed by the Board, the Compensation Committee is designated as the Committee to administer the 2019 Omnibus Plan. 
Eligibility. The 2019 Omnibus Plan permits the grant of incentive awards to employees, officers, non-employee directors, and consultants of the Company and its affiliates as selected by the Committee. As of December 31, 2018, approximately twenty employees and five non-employee directors would be eligible to participate in the 2019 Omnibus Plan. 
 Permissible Awards. The 2019 Omnibus Plan authorizes the granting of awards in any of the following forms: 
[BEGIN TABLE]
• market-priced stock options to purchase shares of our common stock (for a term not to exceed 10 years), which may be designated under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") as nonstatutory stock options (which may be granted to all participants) or incentive stock options (which may be granted to officers and employees but not to consultants or non-employee directors);  
• SARs, which give the holder the right to receive the difference (payable in cash or stock, as specified in the award certificate) between the fair market value per share of our common stock on the date of exercise over the base price of the award (which cannot be less than the fair market value of the underlying stock as of the grant date);  
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
• restricted stock awards (including performance shares), which are subject to restrictions on transferability and subject to forfeiture on terms set by the Committee, including time-based and/or performance-based vesting conditions;  
• RSUs (including performance units), which represent the right to receive shares of common stock (or an equivalent value in cash, as specified in the award certificate) at a designated time in the future, subject to time-based and/or performance-based vesting conditions set by the Committee;  
• non-employee director awards, including DSUs, which represent a vested right to receive shares of common stock at a designated time in the future;  
• other stock-based awards that are denominated in, or valued by reference to, shares of our common stock; and  
• cash-based awards, including performance-based annual bonus awards.  
[END TABLE]
Shares Available for Awards. If this Proposal 2 is approved (and if Proposal 1 is also approved), subject to adjustment in the event of stock splits and similar events, the aggregate number of shares of common stock reserved and available for issuance pursuant to awards granted under the 2019 Omnibus Plan will be 2,500,000. 
Share Counting. Shares of common stock reserved and available for issuance pursuant to awards granted under the 2019 Omnibus Plan shall be counted against the 2019 Omnibus Plan reserve as follows: 
[BEGIN TABLE]
• To the extent an award granted under the 2019 Omnibus Plan is canceled, terminates, expires, is forfeited or lapses for any reason, including by reason of failure to achieve maximum performance goals, any unissued or forfeited shares will be added back to the 2019 Omnibus Plan share reserve and again be available for issuance under the 2019 Omnibus Plan.  
• Shares subject to awards settled in cash will be added back to the 2019 Omnibus Plan share reserve and again be available for issuance under the 2019 Omnibus Plan. 
• Shares withheld or repurchased from an award or delivered by a participant to satisfy tax withholding requirements will be added back to the plan share reserve and again be available for issuance pursuant to awards granted under the 2019 Omnibus Plan.  
• If the exercise price of a stock option is satisfied in whole or in part by delivering shares to the Company, the number of shares so tendered shall be added to the plan share reserve and will be available for issuance pursuant to awards granted under the 2019 Omnibus Plan.   
• To the extent that the full number of shares subject to a stock option or SAR is not issued upon exercise of the award for any reason, including by reason of net-settlement of the award, the unissued shares originally subject to the award will be added back to the plan share reserve and again be available for issuance pursuant to other awards granted under the 2019 Omnibus Plan.  
[END TABLE]
Minimum Vesting Requirements. Except in the case of substitute awards granted in a business combination as described above, awards granted to employees under the 2019 Omnibus Plan will either (i) be subject to a minimum vesting period of one year, or (ii) be granted solely in exchange for foregone cash compensation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee may (i) permit acceleration of vesting of full-value awards in the event of a participant's termination of service, or (ii) grant awards without the minimum vesting requirements described above with respect to awards covering 10% or fewer of the total number of shares authorized under the 2019 Omnibus Plan.  Treatment of Awards upon a Participant's Termination of Service.  Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, if a participant's service terminates by reason of death or disability:
[BEGIN TABLE]
• all of such participant's outstanding options and stock appreciation rights will become fully exercisable; 
• the time-based vesting restrictions with respect to the participant's awards will lapse as of the date of termination of service; and 
• the payout opportunities attainable under all of that participant's outstanding performance-based awards will be deemed to have been fully earned as of the date of termination based upon (A) an assumed achievement of all relevant performance goals at the "target" level if the date of termination occurs during the first half of the applicable performance period, or (B) the actual level of achievement of all relevant performance goals against target, if the date of termination occurs during the second half of the applicable performance period, and, in either such case, there shall be a pro rata payout to the Participant.  
[END TABLE]
Treatment of Awards upon a Change in Control.  Unless otherwise provided in an award agreement or any special plan document governing an award: 
[BEGIN TABLE]
    (A)  in the event of a change of control of the Company in which a successor entity fails to assume and maintain awards under the Prior Plan: 
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
• all of that participant's outstanding options and stock appreciation rights will become fully vested and exercisable, and all time-based vesting restrictions on that participant's outstanding awards will lapse; and 
• the target payout opportunities attainable under outstanding performance-based awards will be deemed to have been fully earned as of the change in control based upon (A) an assumed achievement of all relevant performance goals at the "target" level if the change in control occurs during the first half of the applicable performance period, or (B) the actual level of achievement of all relevant performance goals against target measured as of the date of the change in control, if the change in control occurs during the second half of the applicable performance period, and, in either such case, there will be a pro rata payout to the Participant within 60 days following the change in control. 
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
    (B)  in the event of a change of control of the Company in which a successor entity assumes or otherwise equitably converts awards under the Prior Plan, if during the term of an award and after the effective date of the change of control, a participant's employment is terminated without Cause or the participant resigns for Good Reason (as such terms are defined), then: 
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
• all of that participant's outstanding options and stock appreciation rights will become fully vested and exercisable, and all time-based vesting restrictions on that participant's outstanding awards will lapse; and 
• the target payout opportunities attainable under outstanding performance-based awards will be deemed to have been fully earned as of the change in control based upon (A) an assumed achievement of all relevant performance goals at the "target" level if the change in control occurs during the first half of the applicable performance period, or (B) the actual level of achievement of all relevant performance goals against target measured as of the date of the change in control, if the change in control occurs during the second half of the applicable performance period, and, in either such case, there will be a pro rata payout to the Participant within 60 days following the change in control. 
[END TABLE]
In addition, subject to limitations applicable to certain qualified performance-based awards, the Committee  may, in its discretion accelerate awards upon the termination of service of a participant or the occurrence of a change in control. The Committee may discriminate among participants or among awards in exercising such discretion. 
Limitations on Transfer; Beneficiaries. A participant may not assign or transfer an award other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution; provided, however, that the Committee may permit other transfers (other than transfers for value). A participant may, in the manner determined by the Committee, designate a beneficiary to exercise the rights of the participant and to receive any distribution with respect to any award upon the participant's death. 
Adjustments. In the event of a transaction between the Company and its stockholders that causes the per-share value of the Company's common stock to change (including, without limitation, any stock dividend, stock split, spin-off, rights offering, or large nonrecurring cash dividend), the share authorization limits under the 2019 Omnibus Plan will be adjusted proportionately, and the Committee must make such adjustments to the 2019 Omnibus Plan and awards as it deems necessary, in its sole discretion, to prevent dilution or enlargement of rights immediately resulting from such transaction. In the event of any corporate event or transaction involving the Company, such as a merger, consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization, stock split, a stock dividend, spin-off, or a combination or exchange of shares, dividend in kind or other like change in capital structure, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, make such other appropriate adjustments to the terms of any outstanding awards to reflect such changes or distributions and to modify any other terms of outstanding awards. 
Termination and Amendment. The Board may, at any time and from time to time, terminate or amend the 2019 Omnibus Plan, but if an amendment would constitute a material amendment requiring stockholder approval under applicable listing requirements, laws, policies or regulations, then such amendment will be subject to stockholder approval. No termination or amendment of the 2019 Omnibus Plan may, without the written consent of the participant, reduce or diminish the value of an outstanding award. Unless sooner terminated, the 2019 Omnibus Plan will terminate on the tenth anniversary of its adoption by the Board or, if the stockholders approve an amendment to the 2019 Omnibus Plan that increases the number of shares subject to the 2019 Omnibus Plan, the tenth anniversary of the date of such approval. 
The Committee may amend or terminate outstanding awards. However, such amendments may require the consent of the participant and, unless approved by the stockholders, the exercise price of an outstanding option may not be reduced, directly or indirectly, and the original term of an option may not be extended. 
Prohibition on Repricing. As indicated above under "Termination and Amendment," outstanding stock options and SARs cannot be repriced, directly or indirectly, without stockholder approval. The exchange of an "underwater" stock option or SAR (i.e., an award having an exercise price in excess of the current market value of the underlying stock) for another award or for a cash payment would be considered an indirect repricing and would, therefore, require stockholder approval. 
Clawback Policy. Awards under the 2019 Omnibus Plan will be subject to any compensation recoupment policy (sometimes referred to as a "clawback policy") of the Company as adopted from time to time.
 Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Effects 
 The U.S. federal income tax discussion set forth below is intended for general information only and does not purport to be a complete analysis of all of the potential tax effects of the 2019 Omnibus Plan. It is based upon  laws, regulations, rulings and decisions now in effect, all of which are subject to change. State and local income tax consequences are not discussed, and may vary from locality to locality. 
Nonstatutory Stock Options. There will be no federal income tax consequences to the optionee or to the Company upon the grant of a nonstatutory stock option under the 2019 Omnibus Plan. When the optionee exercises a nonstatutory option, however, he or she will recognize ordinary income in an amount equal to the excess of the fair market value of the stock received upon exercise of the option at the time of exercise over the exercise price, and the Company will be allowed a corresponding federal income tax deduction. Any gain that the optionee realizes when he or she later sells or disposes of the option shares will be short-term or long-term capital gain, depending on how long the shares were held. 
Incentive Stock Options. There will be no federal income tax consequences to the optionee or to the Company upon the grant or exercise of an incentive stock option. If the optionee holds the option shares for the required holding period of at least two years after the date the option was granted and one year after exercise, the difference between the exercise price and the amount realized upon sale or disposition of the option shares will be long-term capital gain or loss, and the Company will not be entitled to a federal income tax deduction. If the optionee disposes of the option shares in a sale, exchange, or other disqualifying disposition before the required holding period ends, he or she will recognize taxable ordinary income in an amount equal to the excess of the fair market value of the option shares at the time of exercise over the exercise price, and the Company will be allowed a federal income tax deduction equal to such amount. While the exercise of an incentive stock option does not result in current taxable income, the excess of the fair market value of the option shares at the time of exercise over the exercise price will be an item of adjustment for purposes of determining the optionee's alternative minimum taxable income. 
SARs. A participant receiving a SAR under the 2019 Omnibus Plan will not recognize income, and the Company will not be allowed a tax deduction, at the time the award is granted. When the participant exercises the SAR, the amount of cash and the fair market value of any shares of stock received will be ordinary income to the participant and the Company will be allowed a corresponding federal income tax deduction at that time. 
Restricted Stock. Unless a participant makes an election to accelerate recognition of the income to the date of grant as described below, a participant will not recognize income, and the Company will not be allowed a tax deduction, at the time a restricted stock award is granted, provided that the award is nontransferable and is subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture. When the restrictions lapse, the participant will recognize ordinary income equal to the fair market value of the stock as of that date (less any amount he or she paid for the stock), and the Company will be allowed a corresponding federal income tax deduction at that time, subject to any applicable limitations under Code Section 162(m). If the participant files an election under Code Section 83(b) within 30 days after the date of grant of the restricted stock, he or she will recognize ordinary income as of the date of grant equal to the fair market value of the stock as of that date (less any amount paid for the stock), and the Company will be allowed a corresponding federal income tax deduction at that time, subject to any applicable limitations under Code Section 162(m). Any future appreciation in the stock will be taxable to the participant at capital gains rates. However, if the stock is later forfeited, the participant will not be able to recover the tax previously paid pursuant to the Code Section 83(b) election. 
Restricted or Deferred Stock Units. A participant will not recognize income, and the Company will not be allowed a tax deduction, at the time a stock unit award is granted. Upon receipt of shares of stock (or the  equivalent value in cash) in settlement of a stock unit award, a participant will recognize ordinary income equal to the fair market value of the stock or other property as of that date (less any amount he or she paid for the stock or property), and the Company will be allowed a corresponding federal income tax deduction at that time, subject to any applicable limitations under Code Section 162(m). 
Cash-Based Awards. A participant will not recognize income, and the Company will not be allowed a tax deduction, at the time a cash-based award is granted (for example, when the performance goals are established). Upon receipt of cash in settlement of the award, a participant will recognize ordinary income equal to the cash received, and the Company will be allowed a corresponding federal income tax deduction at that time, subject to any applicable limitations under Code Section 162(m). 
Tax Withholding. The Company has the right to deduct or withhold, or require a participant to remit to the Company, an amount sufficient to satisfy federal, state, and local taxes (including employment taxes) required by law to be withheld with respect to any exercise, lapse of restriction or other taxable event arising as a result of the 2019 Omnibus Plan. 
Benefits to Named Executive Officers and Others 
 As of December 31, 2018, no awards had been granted under the 2019 Omnibus Plan. Awards will be made at the discretion of the Committee or pursuant to delegated authority. Therefore, it is not presently possible to determine the benefits or amounts that will be received by such persons or groups pursuant to the 2019 Omnibus Plan in the future. 
Vote Required and Board Recommendation 
The approval of this proposal to approve the 2019 Omnibus Plan requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the common stock present in person or represented by proxy, and entitled to vote at the Special Meeting.
The Board recommends a vote "FOR" the proposal to approve the Comstock Holding Companies, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan. COMPENSATION
Director Compensation
In 2018, we compensated our non-employee directors with an annual retainer fee of $40,000. Our non-employee directors earned an additional $6,000 to serve on the Audit Committee and $4,000 to serve on the Compensation Committee. In addition, the chairman of the Compensation Committee, the chairman of the Audit Committee and the Audit Committee designated financial expert each earned an additional $4,000 fee. We offered our non-employee directors the option to elect to receive up to 50% of their 2018 director compensation in the form of fully-vested shares of our Class A common stock. Other than pursuant to such election, we did not grant any equity awards to our directors during 2018. Employees who also serve as directors receive no additional compensation for their services as a director.
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Name     Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) (1)        Total ($)    
 Name     Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) (1)        Total ($)    
 James A. MacCutcheon (2)        50,000           50,000    
 Socrates Verses (3)(4)        48,000           48,000    
 David M. Guernsey (3)        47,000           47,000    
 Robert P. Pincus (2)        46,000           46,000    
 Norman D. Chirite (3)        44,000           44,000    
 A. Clayton Perfall (2)(5)(7)        27,000           27,000    
 Joseph M. Squeri (6)        —           —    
[END TABLE]
(5) Mr. Perfall served as the chairman and the designated financial expert of the Audit Committee through July 2018. Mr MacCutcheon now has served as the chairman and the designated financial expert of the Audit Committee since July 2018.
(6) Mr. Squeri has served as President of CDS Capital Management, LC, an entity wholly owned by the Company, and as an employee who also serves as a director, did not receive additional compensation for his services as a director in 2018.
(7) Mr. Perfall is no longer on the Board as of July 2018.
Summary Compensation Table
Because the Company qualifies as a "smaller reporting company," under SEC rules, only our chief executive officer and next two highest paid executive officers who were serving as executive officers at the end of the last completed fiscal year are considered "named executive officers" for purposes of this proxy statement. The following table sets forth the compensation paid to the Company's named executive officers for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017. 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Name and Principal Position     Year     Salary ($)        Bonus ($)(1)        Stock Awards ($)(2)        Total ($)    
 Name and Principal Position     Year     Salary ($)        Bonus ($)(1)        Stock Awards ($)(2)        Total ($)    
 Christopher Clemente     2018        400,000           400,000           —           800,000    
 Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer (CEO)     2017        400,000           —           —           400,000    
 Jubal R. Thompson     2018        300,000           222,000           —           522,000    
 General Counsel     2017        300,000           —           191,100           491,100    
 Christopher M. Guthrie     2018        175,000           150,000           —           325,000    
 Chief Financial Officer (3)     2017        —           —           —           —    
[END TABLE]
In August 2006, we entered into an employment agreement with Jubal R. Thompson, our General Counsel and Secretary, which agreement had an initial term of three years with automatic one-year renewals unless either party notifies the other that the term will not be extended. Under the agreement, Mr. Thompson's minimum annual salary was originally $200,000, subject to potential increase by the Board from time to time. Pursuant to the original employment agreement, Mr. Thompson was eligible to receive a cash bonus of not less than 75% of his then-current salary, based upon the satisfaction of certain performance criteria. In 2010, our Board increased the minimum annual salary payable to Mr. Thompson to $250,000. Mr. Thompson is entitled to receive an annual cash bonus of up to fifty percent (50%) of his minimum annual salary based upon the satisfaction of certain performance criteria, also subject to potential increase by the Board from time to time. Mr. Thompson is also eligible to receive awards under  our equity incentive plan and any similar executive compensation plans we may adopt from time to time. Effective January 1, 2015, our Board increased the minimum annual salary payable to Mr. Thompson to $300,000. Mr. Thompson's compensation is further detailed in the "Summary Compensation Table" above.
We do not have an employment agreement with Christopher Guthrie, our Chief Financial Officer since June 12, 2018.
OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT 2018 FISCAL YEAR END
The following table sets forth the equity awards held by the named executive officers as of December 31, 2018.
[BEGIN TABLE]
       Option Awards        Stock Awards       
 Name     Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable           Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable           Option Exercise Price ($)        Option Expiration Date        Number of shares or units of stock that have not vested (#)           Market value of shares or units of stock that have not vested ($)(4)       
 Name     Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable           Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable           Option Exercise Price ($)        Option Expiration Date        Number of shares or units of stock that have not vested (#)           Market value of shares or units of stock that have not vested ($)(4)       
 Christopher Clemente        3,571              —              7.63        12/11/24           —              —       
          2,857     (1)        —              12.67        3/31/22           —              —       
          3,000              9,000     (1) (2)        2.14        3/6/27           —              —       
          —              —              —           —           9,000     (1) (3)        15,120       
 Jubal R. Thompson        35,714              —              4.97        2/12/20           —              —       
          10,714              —              13.23        12/13/23           —              —       
          3,571              —              7.63        12/11/24           —              —       
       8125              24,375     (2)        2.14        3/6/27           —              —       
          —              —              —           —           65,000     (3)        81,900       
 Christopher M. Guthrie        —              —              —           —           —              —       
[END TABLE]
(1)Reflects stock options and awards issued to Tracy Schar, Mr. Clemente's wife, an employee of the Company.
(2)Options vest 25% on March 6 of each of 2018, 2019, 2020 and 2021.
(3)Reflects shares of restricted stock that vest 25% on March 6 of each of 2018, 2019, 2020 and 2021.
(4)Based on the closing price per share of our Class A common stock on December 31, 2018 ($1.68), the last trading day of the 2018 fiscal year.
POTENTIAL PAYMENTS ON TERMINATION OR CHANGE IN CONTROL
Pursuant to Messrs. Clemente and Thompson's employment agreements, if such executive's employment is terminated by us without cause or if such executive resigns for good reason, as such terms are defined in the agreements, then such executive is entitled to continue to receive his then-current salary for 24 and 12 months, respectively. Messrs. Clemente and Thompson will also be entitled to receive a cash payment equal to a multiple of 100% of the bonus each would have been entitled to had he remained our employee until the end of our fiscal year (Mr. Clemente, 2x; Mr. Thompson, 1x). This cash payment will be due and payable on the earlier of (i) 90 days after our last payment of such executive's then-current salary, or (ii) the end of the fiscal year in which the termination occurs. In the event we terminate such executive without cause or such executive resigns for good reason within the six calendar month period prior to the effective date of a change in control (as defined in the agreement) or within the 12 calendar month period following the effective date of a change in control, the cash payment will be due and payable in full within 30 days of the effective date of the change in control. In addition, Messrs. Clemente and Thompson will be entitled to continue to participate in employee benefit plans, programs and arrangements for a period of 12 months, in the case of Mr. Clemente, or 6 months, in the case of Mr. Thompson, following their termination of employment. If Mr. Clemente's employment is terminated by reason of death or disability, then he is entitled to receive his then-current salary for 12 months. If Mr. Thompson's employment is terminated by reason of death or disability, then he is entitled to receive his then-current salary for a period of 12 months or 6 months, respectively. The executives will also be entitled to any earned but unpaid bonus with respect to the fiscal year in which his death or disability occurred.
The following table describes the potential payments and benefits to which our current executive officers would be entitled upon the happening of the following events: (i) a termination without cause or resignation for good reason and (ii) death or disability. Calculations for this table are based on the assumption that the triggering event took place on December 31, 2018 and, in an event of a change of control, the Board has not exercised its discretion to accelerate the stock awards.
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Name     Termination without Cause or Resignation for Good Reason (in connection with a Change of Control) ($)           Termination without Cause or Resignation for Good Reason (not in connection with a Change of Control) ($)           Death or Disability ($)(3)       
 Name     Termination without Cause or Resignation for Good Reason (in connection with a Change of Control) ($)           Termination without Cause or Resignation for Good Reason (not in connection with a Change of Control) ($)           Death or Disability ($)(3)       
 Christopher Clemente        1,600,000              1,600,000              400,000       
 Jubal R. Thompson        450,000              450,000              300,000     (1) 
 Christopher M. Guthrie (2)        —              —              —       
[END TABLE]
(1)Reflects the amount Mr. Thompson's estate would receive in the event of his death. If Mr. Thompson's employment is terminated by reason of disability, then he is entitled to receive his then-current salary for 6 months, which is equal to $150,000.
(2)Mr. Guthrie does not have an employment or severance agreement with the Company.
(3)The potential payments from Death or Disability calculation does not include any applicable earned but unpaid bonus that would be payable on a pro-rated basis.
OTHER INFORMATION
Beneficial Ownership of Principal Stockholders, Directors and Officers.  The following table sets forth certain information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock on September 30, 2018, by (1) each director and named executive officer of the Company, (2) all directors and executive officers of the Company as a group, and (3) each person known by us to own more than 5% of our common stock.
Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC. In computing the number of shares beneficially owned by a person and the percentage ownership of that person, shares of our Class A common stock subject to options or warrants held by that person that are currently exercisable or will become exercisable within 60 days after September 30, 2018, are deemed outstanding, while the shares are not deemed outstanding for purposes of computing percentage ownership of any other person. Unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes below, the persons and entities named in the table have sole voting or investment power with respect to all shares beneficially owned, subject to community property laws where applicable. 
[BEGIN TABLE]
       Class A Common Stock (1)        Class B Common Stock        Beneficial Ownership of Class A and Class B Common Stock Combined    
       Class A Common Stock (1)        Class B Common Stock        Beneficial Ownership of Class A and Class B Common Stock Combined    
 Name of Beneficial Owner     Number        Percent of Class        Number        Percent of Class        Economic (%)        Voting (%)(1)    
 Named Executive Officers and Directors                                                                         
 Christopher Clemente (2)        986,394           26.55%        220,250           100.00%        30.66%        61.12% 
 Jubal R. Thompson        153,687           4.14%        —           —           3.91%        2.19% 
 Joseph M. Squeri        165,299           4.45%        —           —           4.20%        2.36% 
 A. Clayton Perfall        75,354           2.03%        —           —           1.91%        1.07% 
 James A. MacCutcheon        134,155           3.61%        —           —           3.41%        1.91% 
       Class A Common Stock (1)        Class B Common Stock        Beneficial Ownership of Class A and Class B Common Stock Combined    
       Class A Common Stock (1)        Class B Common Stock        Beneficial Ownership of Class A and Class B Common Stock Combined    
 Name of Beneficial Owner     Number        Percent of Class        Number        Percent of Class        Economic (%)        Voting (%)(1)    
 Norman D. Chirite        82,047           2.21%        —           —           2.08%        1.17% 
 Socrates Verses (3)        80,325           2.16%        —           —           2.04%        1.14% 
 David M. Guernsey        72,885           1.96%        —           —           1.85%        1.04% 
 Robert Pincus (4)        49,246           1.33%        —           —           1.25%     *    
 Christopher Guthrie        —           —           —           —           —        *    
 All directors and executive officers as a group    (10 persons)        1,799,392           48.43%        220,250           100.00%        51.32%        72.70% 
[END TABLE]
(1) Does not include shares of our Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of our Class B common stock. Percentage total voting power represents voting power with respect to all shares of our Class A and Class B common stock, as a single class. Each holder of our Class B common stock is entitled to fifteen votes per share of Class B common stock and each holder of our Class A common stock is entitled to one vote per share of Class A common stock on all matters submitted to our stockholders for a vote. The Class A common stock and the Class B common stock vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders, except as may otherwise be provided in our certificate of incorporation or as required by law. The Class B common stock is convertible at any time by the holder into shares of Class A common stock on a share-for-share basis.
(2) Includes the following held by Mr. Clemente's wife, Tracy Schar: 37,841 shares of our Class A common stock including exercisable stock options to purchase 5,857 shares and warrants of 5,000 to purchase shares of our Class A common stock. 9,904 shares of our Class A common stock and 195,250 shares of our Class B common stock are held by FR54, LLC, an entity that is owned by Mr. Clemente and his wife. 12,852 shares of our Class A common stock are held in various trusts for the benefit Mr. Clemente's children. Mr. Clemente is the custodian for each trust. 124,465 shares of our Class A common stock are held by Stonehenge Funding, LC, an entity wholly owned by Mr. Clemente. 560,235 shares of our Class A common stock are held by Comstock Development Services, LC, an entity wholly owned by Mr. Clemente. The address for Mr. Clemente is the address of the Company.
(3) Includes 285 shares of Class A common stock, with respect to which Mr. Verses disclaims beneficial ownership. The shares are held in trust for the benefit of Mr. Verses' children. Mr. Verses' wife is the custodian of these trusts.
(4) 1,382 shares are held by RLR Investment Management, LLC, an entity that is owned by Mr. Pincus.
Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans
The following table provides information as of December 31, 2018, regarding compensation plans under which the Company's equity securities are authorized for issuance: 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Plan Category     Number of Securities to Be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options (a)(2)        Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options (b)        Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Column (a)) (c)    
 Plan Category     Number of Securities to Be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options (a)(2)        Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options (b)        Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Column (a)) (c)    
 Plan Category     Number of Securities to Be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options (a)(2)        Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options (b)        Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Column (a)) (c)    
 Equity Compensation Plans Approved by    Stockholders (1)        417,557        $  3.42           138,375    
 Equity Compensation Plans Not Approved by    Stockholders (3)        —           —           —    
 Total        417,557        $  3.42           138,375    
 (2)  Includes shares issuable pursuant to the exercise of stock options, but does not include outstanding shares of restricted stock.  
 (3)  The Company does not have any equity compensation plans that have not been approved by the stockholders.  
[END TABLE]
 Annex A: Proposed Certificate of Amendment to the Company's Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT 
OF 
AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION 
OF 
COMSTOCK HOLDING COMPANIES, INC.
Comstock Holding Companies, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, does hereby certify:
1.The name of the corporation is Comstock Holding Companies, Inc. (the "Corporation"). 
2.The original Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on May 24, 2004 and the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on December 17, 2004, as amended by that Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on June 28, 2011, as amended by that Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on June 22, 2012, as amended by that Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on June 18, 2015, as amended by that Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on September 23, 2015 (as amended, the "Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation).
3.The Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation is amended by deleting the first part of Article IV that appears prior to section (A) of Article IV in its entirety and inserting the following:
" The total number of shares of all classes of capital stock which the Corporation shall have authority to issue is Eighty Million (80,000,000) shares, of which:
Fifty-Nine Million Seven Hundred and Seventy-Nine Thousand Seven Hundred and Fifty (59,779,750) shares, par value $0.01 per share, shall be shares of Class A common stock (the "Class A Common Stock");
Two Hundred Twenty Thousand Two Hundred and Fifty (220,250) shares, par value $0.01 per share, shall be shares of Class B common stock (the "Class B Common Stock" and, together with the Class A Common Stock, the "Common Stock"); and
Twenty Million (20,000,000) shares, par value $0.01 per share, shall be shares of preferred stock (the "Preferred Stock")."
4. The foregoing Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation has been duly adopted by the Corporation's Board of Directors and stockholders in accordance with the applicable provisions of Sections 222 and 242 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.
5.All other provisions of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation shall remain in full force and effect. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused this Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to be signed by a duly authorized officer this [__] day of February, 2019.
[BEGIN TABLE]
      By: ____________________________ Name: Christopher Clemente Title: Chief Executive Officer  
      By: ____________________________ Name: Christopher Clemente Title: Chief Executive Officer  
      By: ____________________________ Name: Christopher Clemente Title: Chief Executive Officer  
[END TABLE]
 Annex B:
COMSTOCK HOLDING COMPANIES, INC.
2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan
Article 1BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE
[BEGIN TABLE]
 1.1  BACKGROUND.     The purpose of the Plan is to promote the success, and enhance the value, of the Company, by linking the personal interests of employees, officers, directors and consultants of the Company or any Affiliate (as defined below) to those of Company stockholders and by providing such persons with an incentive for outstanding performance. The Plan is further intended to provide flexibility to the Company in its ability to motivate, attract, and retain the services of employees, officers, directors and consultants upon whose judgment, interest, and special effort the successful conduct of the Company's operation is largely dependent. Accordingly, the Plan permits the grant of incentive awards from time to time to selected employees, officers, directors and consultants of the Company and its Affiliates.  
[END TABLE]
Article 2DEFINITIONS
[BEGIN TABLE]
 2.1  DEFINITIONS.    When a word or phrase appears in this Plan with the initial letter capitalized, and the word or phrase does not commence a sentence, the word or phrase shall generally be given the meaning ascribed to it in this Section or in Section 1.1 unless a clearly different meaning is required by the context. The following words and phrases shall have the following meanings:  
    (a)  "Affiliate" means (i) any Subsidiary or Parent, or (ii) an entity that directly or through one or more intermediaries controls, is controlled by or is under common control with, the Company, as determined by the Committee.  
    (b)  "Award" means an award of Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Deferred Stock Units, Performance Awards, Other Stock-Based Awards, or any other right or interest relating to Stock or cash, granted to a Participant under the Plan.  
    (c)  "Award Certificate" means a written document, in such form as the Committee prescribes from time to time, setting forth the terms and conditions of an Award. Award Certificates may be in the form of individual award agreements or certificates or a program document describing the terms and provisions of an Award or series of Awards under the Plan. The Committee may provide for the use of electronic, internet or other non-paper Award Certificates, and the use of electronic, internet or other non-paper means for the acceptance thereof and actions thereunder by a Participant.  
    (d)  "Beneficial Owner" shall have the meaning given such term in Rule 13d-3 of the General Rules and Regulations under the 1934 Act.  
    (e)  "Board" means the Board of Directors of the Company.  
    (f)  "Cause" as a reason for a Participant's termination of employment shall have the meaning assigned such term in the employment, severance or similar agreement, if any, between such  
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
     Participant and the Company or an Affiliate, provided, however that if there is no such employment, severance or similar agreement in which such term is defined, and unless otherwise defined in the applicable Award Certificate, "Cause" shall mean (i) the failure by the Participant to perform, in a reasonable manner, his or her duties as assigned by the Company or an Affiliate, (ii) any violation or breach by the Participant of his or her employment, consulting or other similar agreement with the Company or an Affiliate, if any, (iii) any violation or breach by the Participant of any non-competition, non-solicitation, non-disclosure and/or other similar agreement with the Company or an Affiliate, (iv) any act by the Participant of dishonesty or bad faith with respect to the Company (or an Affiliate), (v) use of alcohol, drugs or other similar substances in a manner that adversely affects the Participant's work performance, or (vi) the commission by the Participant of any act, misdemeanor, or crime reflecting unfavorably upon the Participant or the Company or an Affiliate. The good faith determination by the Committee of whether the Participant's Continuous Service was terminated by the Company for "Cause" shall be final and binding for all purposes hereunder.  
    (g)  "Change in Control" means and includes the occurrence of any one of the following events:  
    (i)  individuals who, on the Effective Date, constitute the Board (the "Incumbent Directors") cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of such Board, provided that any person becoming a director after the Effective Date and whose election or nomination for election was approved by a vote of at least a majority of the Incumbent Directors then on the Board shall be an Incumbent Director; provided, however, that no individual initially elected or nominated as a director of the Company as a result of an actual or threatened election contest with respect to the election or removal of directors ("Election Contest") or other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of any Person other than the Board ("Proxy Contest"), including by reason of any agreement intended to avoid or settle any Election Contest or Proxy Contest, shall be deemed an Incumbent Director; or  
    (ii)  any person becomes a Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of either (A) 50% or more of the then-outstanding shares of common stock of the Company ("Company Common Stock") or (B) securities of the Company representing 50% or more of the combined voting power of the Company's then outstanding securities eligible to vote for the election of directors (the "Company Voting Securities"); provided, however, that for purposes of this subsection (ii), the following acquisitions of Company Common Stock or Company Voting Securities shall not constitute a Change in Control: (w) an acquisition directly from the Company, (x) an acquisition by the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company, (y) an acquisition by any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, or (z) an acquisition pursuant to a Non-Qualifying Transaction (as defined in subsection (iii) below); or  
    (iii)  the consummation of a reorganization, merger, consolidation, statutory share exchange or similar form of corporate transaction involving the Company or a Subsidiary (a "Reorganization"), or the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Company's assets (a "Sale") or the acquisition of assets or stock of another corporation (an "Acquisition"),  
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
     unless immediately following such Reorganization, Sale or Acquisition: (A) all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the beneficial owners, respectively, of the outstanding Company Common Stock and outstanding Company Voting Securities immediately prior to such Reorganization, Sale or Acquisition beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 50% of, respectively, the then outstanding shares of common stock and the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, as the case may be, of the corporation resulting from such Reorganization, Sale or Acquisition (including, without limitation, a corporation which as a result of such transaction owns the Company or all or substantially all of the Company's assets or stock either directly or through one or more subsidiaries, the "Surviving Corporation") in substantially the same proportions as their ownership, immediately prior to such Reorganization, Sale or Acquisition, of the outstanding Company Common Stock and the outstanding Company Voting Securities, as the case may be, and (B) no person (other than (x) the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, (y) the Surviving Corporation or its ultimate parent corporation, or (z) any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by any of the foregoing is the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 50% or more of the total common stock or 50% or more of the total voting power of the outstanding voting securities eligible to elect directors of the Surviving Corporation, and (C) at least a majority of the members of the board of directors of the Surviving Corporation were Incumbent Directors at the time of the Board's approval of the execution of the initial agreement providing for such Reorganization, Sale or Acquisition (any Reorganization, Sale or Acquisition which satisfies all of the criteria specified in (A), (B) and (C) above shall be deemed to be a "Non-Qualifying Transaction"); or  
    (iv)  stockholders approve a complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company, other than a Non-Qualifying Transaction.  
    (h)  "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. For purposes of this Plan, references to sections of the Code shall be deemed to include references to any applicable regulations thereunder and any successor or similar provision.  
    (i)  "Committee" means the committee of the Board described in Article 4.  
    (j)  "Company" means Comstock Holding Companies, Inc., a Delaware corporation, or any successor corporation.  
    (k)  "Continuous Service" means the absence of any interruption or termination of service as an employee, officer, director or consultant of the Company or any Affiliate, as applicable; provided, however, that for purposes of an Incentive Stock Option "Continuous Service" means the absence of any interruption or termination of service as an employee of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary, as applicable, pursuant to applicable tax regulations. Unless otherwise defined in the applicable Award Certificate, Continuous Service shall not be considered interrupted in the following cases: (i) a Participant transfers employment between the Company and an Affiliate or between Affiliates, (ii) in the discretion of the Committee as specified at or prior to such occurrence, in the case of a spin-off, sale or disposition of the  
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
     Participant's employer from the Company or any Affiliate, (iii) a Participant transfers from being an employee of the Company or an Affiliate to being a director of the Company or of an Affiliate, or vice versa, (iv) in the discretion of the Committee, a Participant transfers from being an employee of the Company or an Affiliate to being a consultant to the Company or of an Affiliate, or vice versa, (v) in the discretion of the Committee as specified at or prior to such occurrence, a Participant transfers from being an employee of the Company or an Affiliate to being a consultant to the Company or an Affiliate, or vice versa, or (vi) any leave of absence authorized in writing by the Company prior to its commencement; provided, however, that for purposes of Incentive Stock Options, no such leave may exceed 90 days, unless reemployment upon expiration of such leave is guaranteed by statute or contract. If reemployment upon expiration of a leave of absence approved by the Company is not so guaranteed, on the 91st day of such leave any Incentive Stock Option held by the Participant shall cease to be treated as an Incentive Stock Option and shall be treated for tax purposes as a Nonstatutory Stock Option. Whether military, government or other service or other leave of absence shall constitute a termination of Continuous Service shall be determined in each case by the Committee at its discretion, and any determination by the Committee shall be final and conclusive; provided, however, that for purposes of any Award that is subject to Code Section 409A, the determination of a leave of absence must comply with the requirements of a "bona fide leave of absence" as provided in Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-1(h).  
    (l)  "Deferred Stock Unit" means a right granted to a Participant under Article 9 to receive Shares (or the equivalent value in cash or other property if the Committee so provides) at a future time as determined by the Committee, or as determined by the Participant within guidelines established by the Committee in the case of voluntary deferral elections.  
    (m)  "Disability" means, unless otherwise defined in the applicable Award Certificate, the inability of the Participant, as reasonably determined by the Company, to perform the essential functions of his or her regular duties and responsibilities, with or without reasonable accommodation, due to a medically determinable physical or mental illness which has lasted (or can reasonably be expected to last) for a period of six (6) consecutive months.   
    (n)  "Dividend Equivalent" means a right granted to a Participant under Article 11.  
    (o)  "Effective Date" has the meaning assigned such term in Section 3.1.  
    (p)  "Eligible Participant" means an employee, officer, director or consultant of the Company or any Affiliate.  
    (q)  "Exchange" means any national securities exchange on which the Stock may from time to time be listed or traded.  
    (r)  "Fair Market Value," on any date, means the closing sales price on the Exchange on such date or, in the absence of reported sales on such date, the closing sales price on the immediately preceding date on which sales were reported.  The Committee is authorized to adopt another fair market value pricing method, provided such method is stated in the Award Certificate, and is in compliance with the fair market value pricing rules set forth in Section 409A of the Code.  
    (s)  "Full-Value Award" means an Award other than in the form of an Option or SAR, and which is settled by the issuance of Stock (or at the discretion of the Committee, settled in cash valued by reference to Stock value).  
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
    (t)  "Good Reason" (or a similar term denoting constructive termination) has the meaning assigned such term in the employment agreement, if any, between a Participant and the Company or an Affiliate, provided, however that if there is no such employment agreement in which such term is defined, and unless otherwise defined in the applicable Award Certificate, "Good Reason" shall mean any of the following acts by the Company or an Affiliate without the consent of the Participant (in each case, other than an isolated, insubstantial and inadvertent action not taken in bad faith and which is remedied by the Company or an Affiliate promptly after receipt of notice thereof given by the Participant): (i) the assignment to the Participant of duties materially inconsistent with, or a material diminution in, the Participant's position, authority, duties or responsibilities as in effect immediately prior to a Change of Control, (ii) a reduction by the Company or an Affiliate in the Participant's base salary, (iii) the Company or an Affiliate requiring the Participant, without his or her consent, to be based at any office or location more than 35 miles from the location at which the Participant was stationed immediately prior to a Change of Control, or (iv) the continuing material breach by the Company or an Affiliate of any employment agreement between the Participant and the Company or an Affiliate after the expiration of any applicable period for cure. 
    (u)  "Grant Date" of an Award means the first date on which all necessary corporate action has been taken to approve the grant of the Award as provided in the Plan, or such later date as is determined and specified as part of that authorization process. Notice of the grant shall be provided to the grantee within a reasonable time after the Grant Date.  
    (v)  "Incentive Stock Option" means an Option that is intended to be an incentive stock option and meets the requirements of Section 422 of the Code or any successor provision thereto.  
    (w)  "Independent Directors" means those members of the Board of Directors who qualify at any given time as (a) an "independent" director under the applicable rules of each Exchange on which the Shares are listed, and (b) a "non-employee" director under Rule 16b-3 of the 1934 Act.  
    (x)  "Non-Employee Director" means a director of the Company who is not a common law employee of the Company or an Affiliate.  
    (y)  "Nonstatutory Stock Option" means an Option that is not an Incentive Stock Option.  
    (z)  "Option" means a right granted to a Participant under Article 7 of the Plan to purchase Stock at a specified price during specified time periods. An Option may be either an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonstatutory Stock Option.  
    (aa)  "Other Stock-Based Award" means a right, granted to a Participant under Article 12, that relates to or is valued by reference to Stock or other Awards relating to Stock.  
    (bb)  "Parent" means a corporation, limited liability company, partnership or other entity which owns or beneficially owns a majority of the outstanding voting stock or voting power of the Company. Notwithstanding the above, with respect to an Incentive Stock Option, Parent shall have the meaning set forth in Section 424(e) of the Code.  
    (cc)  "Participant" means an Eligible Participant who has been granted an Award under the Plan; provided that in the case of the death of a Participant, the term "Participant" refers to a beneficiary designated pursuant to Section 13.4 or the legal guardian or other legal  
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
     representative acting in a fiduciary capacity on behalf of the Participant under applicable state law and court supervision.  
    (dd)  "Performance Award" means any award granted under the Plan pursuant to Article 10.  
    (ee)  "Person" means any individual, entity or group, within the meaning of Section 3(a)(9) of the 1934 Act and as used in Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the 1934 Act.  
    (ff)  "Plan" means the Comstock Homebuilding Companies, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time.  
    (gg)  "Restricted Stock" means Stock granted to a Participant under Article 9 that is subject to certain restrictions and to risk of forfeiture.  
    (hh)  "Restricted Stock Unit" means the right granted to a Participant under Article 9 to receive shares of Stock (or the equivalent value in cash or other property if the Committee so provides) in the future, which right is subject to certain restrictions and to risk of forfeiture.  
    (ii)   "Shares" means shares of Stock. If there has been an adjustment or substitution pursuant to Section 14.1, the term "Shares" shall also include any shares of stock or other securities that are substituted for Shares or into which Shares are adjusted pursuant to Section 14.1.  
    (jj)  "Stock" means the Company's Class A Common Stock, $0.01 par value and such other securities of the Company as may be substituted for Stock pursuant to Article 14.   
    (kk)  "Stock Appreciation Right" or "SAR" means a right granted to a Participant under Article 8 to receive a payment equal to the difference between the Fair Market Value of a Share as of the date of exercise of the SAR over the base price of the SAR, all as determined pursuant to Article 8.  
    (ll)  "Subsidiary" means any corporation, limited liability company, partnership or other entity, domestic or foreign, of which a majority of the outstanding voting stock or voting power is beneficially owned directly or indirectly by the Company. Notwithstanding the above, with respect to an Incentive Stock Option, Subsidiary shall have the meaning set forth in Section 424(f) of the Code.  
    (mm)  "1933 Act" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time.  
    (nn)  "1934 Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time.  
[END TABLE]
Article 3EFFECTIVE DATE AND TERM OF PLAN
[BEGIN TABLE]
 3.1  EFFECTIVE DATE.    The Plan shall be effective as of the date it is approved by the stockholders of the Company (the "Effective Date").  
 3.2  TERMINATION OF PLAN.    Unless earlier terminated as provided herein, the Plan shall continue in effect until the tenth (10th) anniversary of the Effective Date or, if the stockholders approve an amendment to the Plan that increases the number of Shares subject to the Plan, the tenth (10th) anniversary of the date of such approval. The termination of the Plan on such date shall not affect the validity of any Award outstanding on the date of termination, which shall continue to be  
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
  governed by the applicable terms and conditions of the Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Incentive Stock Options may be granted more than ten (10) years after the Effective Date.  
[END TABLE]
Article 4ADMINISTRATION
[BEGIN TABLE]
 4.1  COMMITTEE.    The Plan shall be administered by a Committee appointed by the Board (which Committee shall consist of at least two directors) or, at the discretion of the Board from time to time, the Plan may be administered by the Board. Unless and until changed by the Board, the Compensation Committee of the Board is designated as the Committee to administer the Plan.  It is intended that at least two of the directors appointed to serve on the Committee shall be Independent Directors and that any such members of the Committee who do not so qualify shall abstain from participating in any decision to make or administer Awards that are made to Eligible Participants who at the time of consideration for such Award are persons subject to the short-swing profit rules of Section 16 of the 1934 Act. However, the mere fact that a Committee member shall fail to qualify as an Independent Director or shall fail to abstain from such action shall not invalidate any Award made by the Committee which Award is otherwise validly made under the Plan. The members of the Committee shall be appointed by, and may be changed at any time and from time to time in the discretion of, the Board. The Board may reserve to itself any or all of the authority and responsibility of the Committee under the Plan or may act as administrator of the Plan for any and all purposes. To the extent the Board has reserved any authority and responsibility or during any time that the Board is acting as administrator of the Plan, it shall have all the powers and protections of the Committee hereunder, and any reference herein to the Committee (other than in this Section 4.1) shall include the Board. To the extent any action of the Board under the Plan conflicts with actions taken by the Committee, the actions of the Board shall control.  
 4.2  ACTION AND INTERPRETATIONS BY THE COMMITTEE.    For purposes of administering the Plan, the Committee may from time to time adopt rules, regulations, guidelines and procedures for carrying out the provisions and purposes of the Plan and make such other determinations, not inconsistent with the Plan, as the Committee may deem appropriate. The Committee may correct any defect, supply any omission or reconcile any inconsistency in the Plan or in any Award in the manner and to the extent it deems necessary to carry out the intent of the Plan. The Committee's interpretation of the Plan, any Awards granted under the Plan, any Award Certificate and all decisions and determinations by the Committee with respect to the Plan are final, binding, and conclusive on all parties. Each member of the Committee is entitled to, in good faith, rely or act upon any report or other information furnished to that member by any officer or other employee of the Company or any Affiliate, the Company's or an Affiliate's independent certified public accountants, Company counsel or any executive compensation consultant or other professional retained by the Company or the Committee to assist in the administration of the Plan. No member of the Committee will be liable for any good faith determination, act or omission in connection with the Plan or any Award.  
 4.3  AUTHORITY OF COMMITTEE.    Except as provided in Section 4.1 hereof, the Committee has the exclusive power, authority and discretion to:  
    (a)  grant Awards;  
    (b)  designate Participants;  
    (c)  determine the type or types of Awards to be granted to each Participant;  
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
    (d)  determine the number of Awards to be granted and the number of Shares or dollar amount to which an Award will relate;  
    (e)  determine the terms and conditions of any Award granted under the Plan;  
    (f)  prescribe the form of each Award Certificate, which need not be identical for each Participant;  
    (g)  decide all other matters that must be determined in connection with an Award;  
    (h)  establish, adopt or revise any plan, program or policy for the grant of Awards as it may deem necessary or advisable, including but not limited to short-term incentive programs, and any special plan documents;  
    (i)  establish, adopt or revise any rules, regulations, guidelines or procedures as it may deem necessary or advisable to administer the Plan;  
    (j)  make all other decisions and determinations that may be required under the Plan or as the Committee deems necessary or advisable to administer the Plan;  
    (k)  amend the Plan or any Award Certificate as provided herein; and  
    (l)  adopt such modifications, procedures, and subplans as may be necessary or desirable to comply with provisions of the laws of the United States or any non-U.S. jurisdictions in which the Company or any Affiliate may operate, in order to assure the viability of the benefits of Awards granted to participants located in the United States or such other jurisdictions and to further the objectives of the Plan.  
 4.4  DELEGATION.  The Committee may delegate to one or more of its members or to one or more officers of the Company or an Affiliate or to one or more agents or advisors such administrative duties or powers as it may deem advisable, and the Committee or any individuals to whom it has delegated duties or powers as aforesaid may employ one or more individuals to render advice with respect to any responsibility the Committee or such individuals may have under this Plan.  In addition, the Committee may, by resolution, expressly delegate to one or more of its members or to one or more officers of the Company, the authority, within specified parameters as to the number and terms of Awards, to (i) designate officers and/or employees of the Company or any of its Affiliates to be recipients of Awards under the Plan, and (ii) to determine the number of such Awards to be received by any such Participants; provided, however, that such delegation of duties and responsibilities may not be made with respect to the grant of Awards to eligible participants who are subject to Section 16(a) of the 1934 Act at the Grant Date. The acts of such delegates shall be treated hereunder as acts of the Board and such delegates shall report regularly to the Board and the Compensation Committee regarding the delegated duties and responsibilities and any Awards so granted.  
 4.5  INDEMNIFICATION.  Each person who is or shall have been a member of the Committee, or the Board, or an officer of the Company to whom authority was delegated in accordance with this Article 4, shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Company against and from any loss, cost, liability, or expense that may be imposed upon or reasonably incurred by him or her in connection with or resulting from any claim, action, suit, or proceeding to which he or she may be a party or in which he or she may be involved by reason of any action taken or failure to act under the Plan and against and from any and all amounts paid by him or her in settlement thereof, with the Company's approval, or paid by him or her in satisfaction of any judgment in any such action, suit, or  
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
  proceeding against him or her, provided he or she shall give the Company an opportunity, at its own expense, to handle and defend the same before he or she undertakes to handle and defend it on his or her own behalf, unless such loss, cost, liability, or expense is a result of his or her own willful misconduct or except as expressly provided by statute.  The foregoing right of indemnification shall not be exclusive of any other rights of indemnification to which such persons may be entitled under the Company's charter or bylaws, as a matter of law, or otherwise, or any power that the Company may have to indemnify them or hold them harmless. 
[END TABLE]
Article 5SHARES SUBJECT TO THE PLAN 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 5.1  NUMBER OF SHARES.    Subject to adjustment as provided in Section 5.2 and Section 14.1, the aggregate number of Shares reserved and available for issuance pursuant to Awards granted under the Plan shall be 2,500,000 Shares.  
 5.2  SHARE COUNTING.    Shares covered by an Award shall be subtracted from the Plan share reserve as of the Grant Date, but shall be added back to the Plan share reserve or otherwise treated in accordance with subsections (a) through (g) of this Section 5.2.  
    (a)  To the extent that an Award is canceled, terminates, expires, is forfeited or lapses for any reason, any unissued or forfeited Shares subject to the Award will be added back to the Plan share reserve and again be available for issuance pursuant to Awards granted under the Plan.  
    (b)  Shares subject to Awards settled in cash will be added back to the Plan share reserve and again be available for issuance pursuant to Awards granted under the Plan.  
    (c)  Shares withheld or repurchased from an Award or delivered by a Participant to satisfy minimum tax withholding requirements will be added back to the Plan share reserve and again be available for issuance pursuant to Awards granted under the Plan.  
    (d)  If the exercise price of an Option is satisfied in whole or in part by delivering Shares to the Company (by either actual delivery or attestation), the number of Shares so tendered (by delivery or attestation) shall be added to the Plan share reserve and will be available for issuance pursuant to Awards granted under the Plan.  
    (e)  To the extent that the full number of Shares subject to an Option or SAR is not issued upon exercise of the Option or SAR for any reason, including by reason of net-settlement of the Award, the unissued Shares originally subject to the Award will be added back to the Plan share reserve and again be available for issuance pursuant to other Awards granted under the Plan. 
    (f)  To the extent that the full number of Shares subject to a Full-Value Award is not issued for any reason, including by reason of failure to achieve maximum performance goals, the unissued Shares originally subject to the Award will be added back to the Plan share reserve and again be available for issuance pursuant to Awards granted under the Plan. 
    (g)  Substitute Awards granted pursuant to Section 13.10 of the Plan shall not count against the Shares otherwise available for issuance under the Plan under Section 5.1.  
    (h)  Subject to applicable Exchange requirements, shares available under a stockholder-approved plan of a company acquired by the Company (as appropriately adjusted to Shares to reflect the  
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
     transaction) may be issued under the Plan pursuant to Awards granted to individuals who were not employees of the Company or its Affiliates immediately before such transaction and will not count against the maximum share limitation specified in Section 5.1.  
 5.3  STOCK DISTRIBUTED.    Any Stock distributed pursuant to an Award may consist, in whole or in part, of authorized and unissued Stock, treasury Stock or Stock purchased on the open market.  
[END TABLE]
Article 6ELIGIBILITY 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 6.1  GENERAL.    Awards may be granted only to Eligible Participants. Incentive Stock Options may be granted only to Eligible Participants who are employees of the Company or a Parent or Subsidiary as defined in Section 424(e) and (f) of the Code. Eligible Participants who are service providers to an Affiliate may be granted Options or SARs under this Plan only if the Affiliate qualifies as an "eligible issuer of service recipient stock" within the meaning of §1.409A-1(b)(5)(iii)(E) of the final regulations under Code Section 409A.  
[END TABLE]
Article 7STOCK OPTIONS 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 7.1  GENERAL.    The Committee is authorized to grant Options to Participants on the following terms and conditions:  
    (a)  Exercise Price.    The exercise price per Share under an Option shall be determined by the Committee, provided that the exercise price for any Option (other than an Option issued as a substitute Award pursuant to Section 13.10) shall not be less than the Fair Market Value as of the Grant Date.  
    (b)  Prohibition on Repricing.    Except as otherwise provided in Section 14.1, without the prior approval of stockholders of the Company: (i) the exercise price of an Option may not be reduced, directly or indirectly, (ii) an Option may not be cancelled in exchange for cash, other Awards or Options or SARs with an exercise or base price that is less than the exercise price of the original Option, and (iii) the Company may not repurchase an Option for value (in cash or otherwise) from a Participant if the current Fair Market Value of the Shares underlying the Option is lower than the exercise price per share of the Option.  
    (c)  Time and Conditions of Exercise.    The Committee shall determine the time or times at which an Option may be exercised in whole or in part, subject to Sections 7.1(e) and 13.6, and may include in the Award Certificate a provision that an Option that is otherwise exercisable and has an exercise price that is less than the Fair Market Value of the Stock on the last day of its term will be automatically exercised on such final date of the term by means of a "net exercise," thus entitling the optionee to Shares equal to the intrinsic value of the Option on such exercise date, less the number of Shares required for tax withholding. The Committee shall also determine the performance or other conditions, if any, that must be satisfied before all or part of an Option may be exercised or vested.  
    (d)  Payment.    The Committee shall determine the methods by which the exercise price of an Option may be paid, the form of payment, and the methods by which Shares shall be delivered or deemed to be delivered to Participants. As determined by the Committee at or after the Grant Date, payment of the exercise price of an Option may be made, in whole or in part, in the form of (i) cash or cash equivalents, (ii) delivery (by either actual delivery or attestation) of  
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
     previously-acquired Shares based on the Fair Market Value of the Shares on the date the Option is exercised, (iii) withholding of Shares from the Option based on the Fair Market Value of the Shares on the date the Option is exercised, (iv) broker-assisted market sales, or (iv) any other "cashless exercise" arrangement.  
    (e)  Exercise Term.    Except for Nonstatutory Options granted to Participants outside the United States, no Option granted under the Plan shall be exercisable for more than ten years from the Grant Date.  
    (f)  No Deferral Feature.    No Option shall provide for any feature for the deferral of compensation other than the deferral of recognition of income until the exercise or disposition of the Option.  
    (g)  No Dividend Equivalents.    No Option shall provide for Dividend Equivalents.  
 7.2  INCENTIVE STOCK OPTIONS.    The terms of any Incentive Stock Options granted under the Plan must comply with the requirements of Section 422 of the Code. Without limiting the foregoing, any Incentive Stock Option granted to a Participant who at the Grant Date owns more than 10% of the voting power of all classes of shares of the Company must have an exercise price per Share of not less than 110% of the Fair Market Value per Share on the Grant Date and an Option term of not more than five years. If all of the requirements of Section 422 of the Code (including the above) are not met, the Option shall automatically become a Nonstatutory Stock Option.  
[END TABLE]
Article 8STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 8.1  GRANT OF STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS.    The Committee is authorized to grant Stock Appreciation Rights to Participants on the following terms and conditions:  
    (a)  Right to Payment.    Upon the exercise of a SAR, the Participant has the right to receive, for each Share with respect to which the SAR is being exercised, the excess, if any, of:  
    (1)  The Fair Market Value of one Share on the date of exercise; over  
    (2)  The base price of the SAR as determined by the Committee and set forth in the Award Certificate, which for any SAR (other than a SAR issued as a substitute Award pursuant to Section 13.10) shall not be less than the Fair Market Value of one Share on the Grant Date.  
    (b)  Prohibition on Repricing.    Except as otherwise provided in Section 14.1, without the prior approval of the stockholders of the Company, (i) the base price of a SAR may not be reduced, directly or indirectly, (ii) a SAR may not be cancelled in exchange for cash, other Awards, or Options or SARs with an exercise or base price that is less than the base price of the original SAR, and (iii) the Company may not repurchase a SAR for value (in cash or otherwise) from a Participant if the current Fair Market Value of the Shares underlying the SAR is lower than the base price per share of the SAR.  
    (c)  Time and Conditions of Exercise.    The Committee shall determine the time or times at which a SAR may be exercised in whole or in part, subject to Section 13.6, and may include in the Award Certificate a provision that a SAR that is otherwise exercisable and has a base price that is less than the Fair Market Value of the Stock on the last day of its term will be automatically exercised on such final date of the term, thus entitling the holder to cash or Shares equal to the  
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
     intrinsic value of the SAR on such exercise date, less the cash or number of Shares required for tax withholding. No SAR shall be exercisable for more than ten years from the Grant Date.  
    (d)  No Deferral Feature.    No SAR shall provide for any feature for the deferral of compensation other than the deferral of recognition of income until the exercise or disposition of the SAR.  
    (e)  No Dividend Equivalents.    No SAR shall provide for Dividend Equivalents.  
    (f)  Other Terms.    All SARs shall be evidenced by an Award Certificate. Subject to the limitations of this Article 8, the terms, methods of exercise, methods of settlement, form of consideration payable in settlement (e.g., cash, Shares or other property), and any other terms and conditions of the SAR shall be determined by the Committee at the time of the grant and shall be reflected in the Award Certificate.  
[END TABLE]
Article 9RESTRICTED STOCK AND STOCK UNITS 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 9.1  GRANT OF RESTRICTED STOCK AND STOCK UNITS.  The Committee is authorized to make Awards of Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units or Deferred Stock Units to Participants in such amounts and subject to such terms and conditions as may be selected by the Committee. An Award of Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units or Deferred Stock Units shall be evidenced by an Award Certificate setting forth the terms, conditions, and restrictions applicable to the Award.  
 9.2  ISSUANCE AND RESTRICTIONS.    Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units or Deferred Stock Units shall be subject to such restrictions on transferability and other restrictions as the Committee may impose (including, for example, limitations on the right to vote Restricted Stock or the right to receive dividends on the Restricted Stock). These restrictions may lapse separately or in combination at such times, under such circumstances, in such installments, upon the satisfaction of performance goals or otherwise, as the Committee determines, subject to Section 13.6, at the time of the grant of the Award or thereafter. Except as otherwise provided in an Award Certificate or any special Plan document governing an Award, a Participant shall have none of the rights of a stockholder with respect to Restricted Stock Units or Deferred Stock Units until such time as Shares of Stock are paid in settlement of such Awards.  
 9.3  DIVIDENDS ON RESTRICTED STOCK.   Dividends accrued on shares of Restricted Stock before they are vested shall be credited by the Company to an account for the Participant and accumulated without interest until the date upon which the host Award becomes vested, and any dividends accrued with respect to forfeited Restricted Stock will be reconveyed to the Company without further consideration or any act or action by the Participant.  In no event shall dividends be paid or distributed until the vesting restrictions of the underlying Restricted Stock Award lapse. 
 9.4  FORFEITURE.    Subject to the terms of the Award Certificate and except as otherwise determined by the Committee at the time of the grant of the Award or thereafter, upon termination of Continuous Service during the applicable restriction period or upon failure to satisfy a performance goal during the applicable restriction period, Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units that are at that time subject to restrictions shall be forfeited.  
 9.5  DELIVERY OF RESTRICTED STOCK.    Shares of Restricted Stock shall be delivered to the Participant at the Grant Date either by book-entry registration or by delivering to the Participant, or a custodian or escrow agent (including, without limitation, the Company or one or more of its employees) designated by the Committee, a stock certificate or certificates registered in the name  
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
  of the Participant. If physical certificates representing shares of Restricted Stock are registered in the name of the Participant, such certificates must bear an appropriate legend referring to the terms, conditions, and restrictions applicable to such Restricted Stock.  
[END TABLE]
Article 10PERFORMANCE AWARDS 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 10.1  GRANT OF PERFORMANCE AWARDS.    The Committee is authorized to grant any Award under this Plan, including cash-based Awards, with performance-based vesting criteria, on such terms and conditions as may be selected by the Committee. Any such Awards with performance-based vesting criteria are referred to herein as Performance Awards. The Committee shall have the complete discretion to determine the number of Performance Awards granted to each Participant and to designate the provisions of such Performance Awards as provided in Section 4.3. All Performance Awards shall be evidenced by an Award Certificate or a written program established by the Committee, pursuant to which Performance Awards are awarded under the Plan under uniform terms, conditions and restrictions set forth in such written program.  
 10.2  PERFORMANCE GOALS.  The Committee may establish performance goals for Performance Awards which may be based on any criteria selected by the Committee. Performance goals may be described in terms of Company-wide objectives or in terms of objectives that relate to the performance of the Participant, an Affiliate or a division, region, department or function within the Company or an Affiliate. Performance goals may be specified in absolute terms, in percentages, or in terms of growth from period to period or growth rates over time, as well as measured relative to the performance of a group of comparator companies, or a published or special index, or a stock market index, that the Committee deems appropriate. Performance Goals need not be based upon an increase or positive result under a business criterion and could include, for example, the maintenance of the status quo or the limitation of economic losses (measured, in each case, by reference to a specific business criterion). If the Committee determines that a change in the business, operations, corporate structure or capital structure of the Company or the manner in which the Company or an Affiliate conducts its business, or other events or circumstances render performance goals to be unsuitable, the Committee may modify such performance goals in whole or in part, as the Committee deems appropriate. 
[END TABLE]
Article 11DIVIDEND EQUIVALENTS 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 11.1  GRANT OF DIVIDEND EQUIVALENTS.    The Committee is authorized to grant Dividend Equivalents with respect to Full-Value Awards granted hereunder. Dividend Equivalents shall entitle the Participant to receive payments equal to ordinary cash dividends or distributions with respect to all or a portion of the number of Shares subject to a Full-Value Award, as determined by the Committee. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, Dividend Equivalents accruing on unvested Full-Value Awards shall, as provided in the Award Certificate, either (i) be reinvested in the form of additional Shares (subject to Share availability under Section 5.1 hereof), which shall be subject to the same vesting provisions as provided for the host Award, or (ii) be credited by the Company to an account for the Participant and accumulated without interest until the date upon which the host Award becomes vested, and, in either case, any Dividend Equivalents accrued with respect to forfeited Awards will be reconveyed to the Company without further consideration or any act or action by the Participant. In no event shall Dividend Equivalents be paid or distributed until the vesting restrictions of the underlying Full-Value Award lapse. 
[END TABLE]
 Article 12STOCK OR OTHER STOCK-BASED AWARDS 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 12.1  GRANT OF STOCK OR OTHER STOCK-BASED AWARDS.    The Committee is authorized, subject to limitations under applicable law, to grant to Participants such other Awards that are payable in, valued in whole or in part by reference to, or otherwise based on or related to Shares, as deemed by the Committee to be consistent with the purposes of the Plan, including without limitation, convertible or exchangeable debt securities, other rights convertible or exchangeable into Shares, including limited partnership interests in a limited partnership entity of which the Company is general partner that may be exchanged or redeemed for Shares on a one-for-one basis, or any profits interest in such limited partnership entity that may be exchanged or converted into such limited partnership interests, and Awards valued by reference to book value of Shares or the value of securities of or the performance of specified Parents or Subsidiaries. The Committee shall determine the terms and conditions of such Awards.  
[END TABLE]
Article 13PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO AWARDS 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 13.1  AWARD CERTIFICATES.    Each Award shall be evidenced by an Award Certificate. Each Award Certificate shall include such provisions, not inconsistent with the Plan, as may be specified by the Committee.  
 13.2  FORM OF PAYMENT FOR AWARDS.    At the discretion of the Committee, payment of Awards may be made in cash, Stock, a combination of cash and Stock, or any other form of property as the Committee shall determine. In addition, payment of Awards may include such terms, conditions, restrictions and/or limitations, if any, as the Committee deems appropriate, including, in the case of Awards paid in the form of Stock, restrictions on transfer and forfeiture provisions. Further, payment of Awards may be made in the form of a lump sum, or in installments, as determined by the Committee.  
 13.3  LIMITS ON TRANSFER.     
    (a)  Each Award and each right under any Award shall be exercisable only by the holder thereof during such holder's lifetime, or, if permissible under applicable law, by such holder's guardian or legal representative or by a transferee receiving such Award pursuant to a domestic relations order (a "QDRO") as defined in Section 414(p)(1)(B) of the Code or Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, or the rules thereunder. 
    (b)  No Award (prior to the time, if applicable, Shares are delivered in respect of such Award), and no right under any Award, may be assigned, alienated, pledged, attached, sold or otherwise transferred or encumbered by a grantee otherwise than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution (or in the case of Restricted Stock, to the Company) or pursuant to a QDRO, and any such purported assignment, alienation, pledge, attachment, sale, transfer or encumbrance shall be void and unenforceable against the Company or any Affiliate; provided that the designation of a beneficiary to receive benefits in the event of the grantee's death shall not constitute an assignment, alienation, pledge, attachment, sale, transfer or encumbrance. 
    (c)  Notwithstanding subsections (a) and (b) above, to the extent provided in the Award Certificate, Awards (other than Incentive Stock Options and corresponding Awards), may be transferred, without consideration, to a Permitted Transferee. For this purpose, a "Permitted Transferee" in respect of any grantee means any member of the Immediate Family of such grantee, any trust  
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
     of which all of the primary beneficiaries are such grantee or members of his or her Immediate Family, or any partnership (including limited liability companies and similar entities) of which all of the partners or members are such grantee or members of his or her Immediate Family; and the "Immediate Family" of a grantee means the grantee's spouse, any person sharing the grantee's household (other than a tenant or employee), children, stepchildren, grandchildren, parents, stepparents, siblings, grandparents, nieces and nephews. Such Award may be exercised by such transferee in accordance with the terms of the Award Certificate.  
    (d)  Nothing herein shall be construed as requiring the Company or any Affiliate to honor a QDRO except to the extent required under applicable law. 
 13.4  BENEFICIARIES.    Notwithstanding Section 13.3, a Participant may, in the manner determined by the Committee, designate a beneficiary to exercise the rights of the Participant and to receive any distribution with respect to any Award upon the Participant's death. A Permitted Transferee, beneficiary, legal guardian, legal representative, or other person claiming any rights under the Plan is subject to all terms and conditions of the Plan and any Award Certificate applicable to the Participant, except to the extent the Plan and Award Certificate otherwise provide, and to any additional restrictions deemed necessary or appropriate by the Committee. If no beneficiary has been designated or survives the Participant, any payment due to the Participant shall be made to the Participant's estate. Subject to the foregoing, a beneficiary designation may be changed or revoked by a Participant, in the manner provided by the Company, at any time provided the change or revocation is filed with the Committee.  
 13.5  STOCK TRADING RESTRICTIONS.    All Stock issuable under the Plan is subject to any stop-transfer orders and other restrictions as the Committee deems necessary or advisable to comply with federal or state securities laws, rules and regulations and the rules of any national securities exchange or automated quotation system on which the Stock is listed, quoted, or traded. The Committee may place legends on any Stock certificate or issue instructions to the transfer agent to reference restrictions applicable to the Stock.  
 13.6  MINIMUM VESTING REQUIREMENTS.  Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan to the contrary, equity-based Awards granted under the Plan  to Eligible Participants other than Non-Employee Directors shall vest no earlier than the first anniversary of the date the Award is granted (excluding, for this purpose, any (i) substitute Awards granted pursuant to Section 13.10 and (ii) Shares delivered in lieu of fully-vested cash Awards); provided, however, that (i) the Committee may grant Awards without regard to the foregoing minimum vesting requirement with respect to a maximum of ten percent (10%) of the available share reserve authorized for issuance under the Plan pursuant to Section 5.1 (subject to adjustment under Section 14.1); and provided further, for the avoidance of doubt, that the foregoing restriction does not apply to the Committee's discretion to provide for accelerated exercisability or vesting of any Award upon the occurrence of one or more events other than completion of a service period, including retirement, death, disability or a Change in Control.    
 13.7  EFFECT OF A CHANGE IN CONTROL.  Except as otherwise provided in the Award Certificate or any special Plan document or separate agreement with a Participant governing an Award, upon the occurrence of a Change in Control: 
    (a)  Awards Assumed or Substituted by Surviving Entity.  With respect to Awards assumed by the surviving entity or otherwise equitably converted or substituted in connection with a Change in Control: if within two years after the effective date of the Change in Control, a Participant's employment is terminated without Cause or the Participant resigns for Good  
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
     Reason, then (i) all of that Participant's outstanding Options, SARs and other Awards in the nature of rights that may be exercised shall become fully exercisable, (ii) all time-based vesting restrictions on his or her outstanding Awards shall lapse, and (iii) the payout level under all of that Participant's performance-based Awards that were outstanding immediately prior to effective time of the Change in Control shall be determined and deemed to have been earned as of the date of termination based upon (A) an assumed achievement of all relevant performance goals at the "target" level if the date of termination occurs during the first half of the applicable performance period, or (B) the actual level of achievement of all relevant performance goals against pro rata target levels (measured as of the end of the calendar quarter immediately preceding the date of termination), if the date of termination occurs during the second half of the applicable performance period, and, in either such case, there shall be a prorata payout to such Participant within sixty (60) days following the date of termination of employment (unless a later date is required by Section 16.3 hereof), based upon the length of time within the performance period that has elapsed prior to the date of termination of employment.  With regard to each Award, a Participant shall not be considered to have resigned for Good Reason unless either (i) the Award Certificate includes such provision or (ii) the Participant is party to an employment, severance or similar agreement with the Company or an Affiliate that includes provisions in which the Participant is permitted to resign for Good Reason.  Any Awards shall thereafter continue or lapse in accordance with the other provisions of the Plan and the Award Certificate.  To the extent that this provision causes Incentive Stock Options to exceed the dollar limitation set forth in Code Section 422(d), the excess Options shall be deemed to be Nonstatutory Stock Options. 
    (b)  Awards not Assumed or Substituted by Surviving Entity.  Upon the occurrence of a Change in Control, and except with respect to any Awards assumed by the surviving entity or otherwise equitably converted or substituted in connection with the Change in Control in a manner approved by the Committee or the Board: (i) outstanding Options, SARs, and other Awards in the nature of rights that may be exercised shall become fully exercisable, (ii) time-based vesting restrictions on outstanding Awards shall lapse, and (iii) the payout level under outstanding performance-based Awards shall be determined and deemed to have been earned as of the effective date of the Change in Control based upon (A) an assumed achievement of all relevant performance goals at the "target" level if the Change in Control occurs during the first half of the applicable performance period, or (B) the actual level of achievement of all relevant performance goals against pro rata target levels measured as of the date of the Change in Control, if the Change in Control occurs during the second half of the applicable performance period, and, in either such case, there shall be a prorata payout to Participants within sixty (60) days following the Change in Control (unless a later date is required by Section 16.3 hereof), based upon the length of time within the performance period that has elapsed prior to the Change in Control.  Any Awards shall thereafter continue or lapse in accordance with the other provisions of the Plan and the Award Certificate.  To the extent that this provision causes Incentive Stock Options to exceed the dollar limitation set forth in Code Section 422(d), the excess Options shall be deemed to be Nonstatutory Stock Options. 
 13.8  DISCRETION TO ACCELERATE AWARDS.    Regardless of whether an event has occurred as described in Section 13.7 above, the Committee may in its sole discretion determine that, upon the termination of service of a Participant for any reason, or the occurrence of a Change in Control, or any other reason, all or a portion of such Participant's Options or SARs shall become fully or partially exercisable, that all or a part of the restrictions on all or a portion of the Participant's outstanding Awards shall lapse, and/or that any performance-based criteria with respect to any Awards held by that Participant shall be deemed to be wholly or partially satisfied, in each case, as of such date as the Committee may, in its sole discretion, declare. The Committee may discriminate  
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
  among Participants and among Awards granted to a Participant in exercising its discretion pursuant to this Section 13.8.   
 13.9  FORFEITURE EVENTS.    Awards under the Plan shall be subject to any compensation recoupment policy that the Committee may adopt from time to time that is applicable by its terms to the Participant. In addition, the Committee may specify in an Award Certificate that the Participant's rights, payments and benefits with respect to an Award shall be subject to reduction, cancellation, forfeiture or recoupment upon the occurrence of certain specified events, in addition to any otherwise applicable vesting or performance conditions of an Award. Such events may include, but shall not be limited to, (i) termination of employment for cause, (ii) violation of material Company or Affiliate policies, (iii) breach of noncompetition, confidentiality or other restrictive covenants that may apply to the Participant, (iv) other conduct by the Participant that is detrimental to the business or reputation of the Company or any Affiliate, or (v) a later determination that the vesting of, or amount realized from, a Performance Award was based on materially inaccurate financial statements or any other materially inaccurate performance metric criteria, whether or not the Participant caused or contributed to such material inaccuracy. Nothing contained herein or in any Award Certificate prohibits the Participant from: (1) reporting possible violations of federal law or regulations, including any possible securities laws violations, to any governmental agency or entity; (2) making any other disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of federal law or regulations; or (3) otherwise fully participating in any federal whistleblower programs, including but not limited to any such programs managed by the U.S. Securities and Exchange. 
 13.10  SUBSTITUTE AWARDS.    The Committee may grant Awards under the Plan in substitution for stock and stock-based awards held by employees of another entity who become employees of the Company or an Affiliate as a result of a merger or consolidation of the former employing entity with the Company or an Affiliate or the acquisition by the Company or an Affiliate of property or stock of the former employing corporation. The Committee may direct that the substitute awards be granted on such terms and conditions as the Committee considers appropriate in the circumstances.  
[END TABLE]
Article 14CHANGES IN CAPITAL STRUCTURE 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 14.1  MANDATORY ADJUSTMENTS.    In the event of a nonreciprocal transaction between the Company and its stockholders that causes the per-share value of the Stock to change (including, without limitation, any stock dividend, stock split, spin-off, rights offering, or large nonrecurring cash dividend), the authorization limits under Section 5.1 shall be adjusted proportionately, and the Committee shall make such adjustments to the Plan and Awards as it deems necessary, in its sole discretion, to prevent dilution or enlargement of rights immediately resulting from such transaction. Action by the Committee may include: (i) adjustment of the number and kind of shares that may be delivered under the Plan; (ii) adjustment of the number and kind of shares subject to outstanding Awards; (iii) adjustment of the exercise price of outstanding Awards or the measure to be used to determine the amount of the benefit payable on an Award; and (iv) any other adjustments that the Committee determines to be equitable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee shall not make any adjustments to outstanding Options or SARs that would constitute a modification or substitution of the stock right under Treas. Reg. Sections 1.409A-1(b)(5)(v) that would be treated as the grant of a new stock right or change in the form of payment for purposes of Code Section 409A. Without limiting the foregoing, in the event of a subdivision of the outstanding Stock (stock-split), a declaration of a dividend payable in Shares, or a combination or consolidation of the outstanding Stock into a lesser number of Shares, the authorization limits under Section 5.1  
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
  shall automatically be adjusted proportionately, and the Shares then subject to each Award shall automatically, without the necessity for any additional action by the Committee, be adjusted proportionately without any change in the aggregate purchase price therefor.  
 14.2  DISCRETIONARY ADJUSTMENTS.    Upon the occurrence or in anticipation of any corporate event or transaction involving the Company (including, without limitation, any merger, reorganization, recapitalization, combination or exchange of shares, or any transaction described in Section 14.1), the Committee may, in its sole discretion, provide (i) that Awards will be settled in cash rather than Stock, (ii) that Awards will become immediately vested and non-forfeitable and exercisable (in whole or in part) and will expire after a designated period of time to the extent not then exercised, (iii) that Awards will be assumed by another party to a transaction or otherwise be equitably converted or substituted in connection with such transaction, (iv) that outstanding Awards may be settled by payment in cash or cash equivalents equal to the excess of the Fair Market Value of the underlying Stock, as of a specified date associated with the transaction, over the exercise or base price of the Award, (v) that performance targets and performance periods for Performance Awards will be modified, or (vi) any combination of the foregoing. The Committee's determination need not be uniform and may be different for different Participants whether or not such Participants are similarly situated.  
 14.3  GENERAL.    Any discretionary adjustments made pursuant to this Article 14 shall be subject to the provisions of Section 15.2. To the extent that any adjustments made pursuant to this Article 14 cause Incentive Stock Options to cease to qualify as Incentive Stock Options, such Options shall be deemed to be Nonstatutory Stock Options.  
[END TABLE]
Article 15AMENDMENT, MODIFICATION AND TERMINATION
[BEGIN TABLE]
 15.1  AMENDMENT, MODIFICATION AND TERMINATION.    The Board or the Committee may, at any time and from time to time, amend, modify or terminate the Plan without stockholder approval; provided, however, that if an amendment to the Plan would, in the reasonable opinion of the Board or the Committee, either (i) materially increase the number of Shares available under the Plan (other than pursuant to Article 14), (ii) expand the types of awards under the Plan, (iii) materially expand the class of participants eligible to participate in the Plan, (iv) materially extend the term of the Plan, or (v) otherwise constitute a material change requiring stockholder approval under applicable laws, policies or regulations or the applicable listing or other requirements of an Exchange, then such amendment shall be subject to stockholder approval; and provided, further, that the Board or Committee may condition any other amendment or modification on the approval of stockholders of the Company for any reason, including by reason of such approval being necessary or deemed advisable (i) to comply with the listing or other requirements of an Exchange, or (ii) to satisfy any other tax, securities or other applicable laws, policies or regulations. Except as otherwise provided in Section 14.1, without the prior approval of the stockholders of the Company, the Plan may not be amended to permit: (i) the exercise price or base price of an Option or SAR to be reduced, directly or indirectly, (ii) an Option or SAR to be cancelled in exchange for cash, other Awards, or Options or SARs with an exercise or base price that is less than the exercise price or base price of the original Option or SAR, or (iii) the Company to repurchase an Option or SAR for value (in cash or otherwise) from a Participant if the current Fair Market Value of the Shares underlying the Option or SAR is lower than the exercise price or base price per share of the Option or SAR. 
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
 15.2  AWARDS PREVIOUSLY GRANTED.    At any time and from time to time, the Committee may amend, modify or terminate any outstanding Award without approval of the Participant; provided, however:  
    (a)  Subject to the terms of the applicable Award Certificate, such amendment, modification or termination shall not, without the Participant's consent, reduce or diminish the value of such Award determined as if the Award had been exercised, vested, cashed in or otherwise settled on the date of such amendment or termination (with the per-share value of an Option or SAR for this purpose being calculated as the excess, if any, of the Fair Market Value as of the date of such amendment or termination over the exercise or base price of such Award);  
    (b)  Except as otherwise provided in Section 14.1, without the prior approval of the stockholders of the Company, (i) the exercise price of an Option or base price of a SAR may not be reduced, directly or indirectly, (ii) an option or SAR may not be cancelled in exchange for cash, other Awards or Options or SARs with an exercise or base price that is less than the exercise price or base price of the original Option or SAR, or otherwise, and (iii) the Company may not repurchase an Option or SAR for value (in cash or otherwise) from a Participant if the current Fair Market Value of the Shares underlying the Option or SAR is lower than the exercise price or base price per share of the Option or SAR; and  
    (c)  No termination, amendment, or modification of the Plan shall adversely affect in any material respect any Award previously granted under the Plan, without the written consent of the Participant affected thereby. An outstanding Award shall not be deemed to be "adversely affected" by a Plan amendment if such amendment would not reduce or diminish the value of such Award determined as if the Award had been exercised, vested, cashed in or otherwise settled on the date of such amendment (with the per-share value of an Option or SAR for this purpose being calculated as the excess, if any, of the Fair Market Value as of the date of such amendment over the exercise or base price of such Award).  
 15.3  COMPLIANCE AMENDMENTS.    Notwithstanding anything in the Plan or in any Award Certificate to the contrary, the Board may amend the Plan or an Award Certificate, to take effect retroactively or otherwise, as deemed necessary or advisable for the purpose of conforming the Plan or Award Certificate to any present or future law relating to plans of this or similar nature (including, but not limited to, Section 409A of the Code), and to the administrative regulations and rulings promulgated thereunder. By accepting an Award under this Plan, a Participant agrees to any amendment made pursuant to this Section 15.3 to any Award granted under the Plan without further consideration or action.  
[END TABLE]
Article 16GENERAL PROVISIONS 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 16.1  RIGHTS OF PARTICIPANTS.  
    (a)  No Participant or any Eligible Participant shall have any claim to be granted any Award under the Plan. Neither the Company, its Affiliates nor the Committee is obligated to treat Participants or Eligible Participants uniformly, and determinations made under the Plan may be made by the Committee selectively among Eligible Participants who receive, or are eligible to receive, Awards (whether or not such Eligible Participants are similarly situated).  
    (b)  Nothing in the Plan, any Award Certificate or any other document or statement made with respect to the Plan, shall interfere with or limit in any way the right of the Company or any  
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
     Affiliate to terminate any Participant's employment or status as an officer, or any Participant's service as a director or consultant, at any time, nor confer upon any Participant any right to continue as an employee, officer, director or consultant of the Company or any Affiliate, whether for the duration of a Participant's Award or otherwise.  
    (c)  Neither an Award nor any benefits arising under this Plan shall constitute an employment contract with the Company or any Affiliate and, accordingly, subject to Article 15, this Plan and the benefits hereunder may be terminated at any time in the sole and exclusive discretion of the Committee without giving rise to any liability on the part of the Company or any of its Affiliates.  
    (d)  No Award gives a Participant any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company unless and until Shares are in fact issued to such person in connection with such Award.  
 16.2  WITHHOLDING.    The Company or any Affiliate shall have the authority and the right to deduct or withhold, or require a Participant to remit to the Company or such Affiliate, an amount sufficient to satisfy federal, state, and local taxes (including the Participant's FICA obligation) required by law to be withheld with respect to any exercise, lapse of restriction or other taxable event arising as a result of the Plan. The obligations of the Company under the Plan will be conditioned on such payment or arrangements and the Company or such Affiliate will, to the extent permitted by law, have the right to deduct any such taxes from any payment of any kind otherwise due to the Participant. Unless otherwise determined by the Committee at the time the Award is granted or thereafter, any such withholding requirement may be satisfied, in whole or in part, by withholding from the Award Shares having a Fair Market Value on the date of withholding equal to the amount required to be withheld in accordance with applicable tax requirements (up to the maximum individual statutory rate in the applicable jurisdiction as may be permitted under then-current accounting principles to qualify for equity classification), in accordance with such procedures as the Committee establishes. All such elections shall be subject to any restrictions or limitations that the Committee, in its sole discretion, deems appropriate.  
 16.3  SPECIAL PROVISIONS RELATED TO SECTION 409A OF THE CODE.  
    (a)  General.    It is intended that the payments and benefits provided under the Plan and any Award shall either be exempt from the application of, or comply with, the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. The Plan and all Award Certificates shall be construed in a manner that effects such intent. Nevertheless, the tax treatment of the benefits provided under the Plan or any Award is not warranted or guaranteed. Neither the Company, its Affiliates nor their respective directors, officers, employees or advisers (other than in his or her capacity as a Participant) shall be held liable for any taxes, interest, penalties or other monetary amounts owed by any Participant or other taxpayer as a result of the Plan or any Award.  
    (b)  Definitional Restrictions.    Notwithstanding anything in the Plan or in any Award Certificate to the contrary, to the extent that any amount or benefit that would constitute non-exempt "deferred compensation" for purposes of Section 409A of the Code ("Non-Exempt Deferred Compensation") would otherwise be payable or distributable, or a different form of payment (e.g., lump sum or installment) of such Non-Exempt Deferred Compensation would be effected, under the Plan or any Award Certificate by reason of the occurrence of a Change in Control, or the Participant's Disability or separation from service, such Non-Exempt Deferred Compensation will not be payable or distributable to the Participant, and/or such different form of payment will not be effected, by reason of such circumstance unless the circumstances giving rise to such Change in Control, Disability or separation from service meet any  
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
     description or definition of "change in control event", "disability" or "separation from service", as the case may be, in Section 409A of the Code and applicable regulations (without giving effect to any elective provisions that may be available under such definition). This provision does not prohibit the vesting of any Award upon a Change in Control, Disability or separation from service, however defined. If this provision prevents the payment or distribution of any amount or benefit, or the application of a different form of payment of any amount or benefit, such payment or distribution shall be made at the time and in the form that would have applied absent the Change in Control, Disability or separation from service as applicable.  
    (c)  Allocation among Possible Exemptions.    If any one or more Awards granted under the Plan to a Participant could qualify for any separation pay exemption described in Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-1(b)(9), but such Awards in the aggregate exceed the dollar limit permitted for the separation pay exemptions, the Company shall determine which Awards or portions thereof will be subject to such exemptions.  
    (d)  Six-Month Delay in Certain Circumstances.    Notwithstanding anything in the Plan or in any Award Certificate to the contrary, if any amount or benefit that would constitute Non-Exempt Deferred Compensation would otherwise be payable or distributable under this Plan or any Award Certificate by reason of a Participant's separation from service during a period in which the Participant is a Specified Employee (as defined below), then, subject to any permissible acceleration of payment by the Committee under Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-3(j)(4)(ii) (domestic relations order), (j)(4)(iii) (conflicts of interest), or (j)(4)(vi) (payment of employment taxes): (i) the amount of such Non-Exempt Deferred Compensation that would otherwise be payable during the six-month period immediately following the Participant's separation from service will be accumulated through and paid or provided on the first day of the seventh month following the Participant's separation from service (or, if the Participant dies during such period, within 30 days after the Participant's death) (in either case, the "Required Delay Period"); and (ii) the normal payment or distribution schedule for any remaining payments or distributions will resume at the end of the Required Delay Period.   For purposes of this Plan, the term "Specified Employee" has the meaning given such term in Code Section 409A and the final regulations thereunder. 
    (e)   Installment Payments.    If, pursuant to an Award, a Participant is entitled to a series of installment payments, such Participant's right to the series of installment payments shall be treated as a right to a series of separate payments and not to a single payment. For purposes of the preceding sentence, the term "series of installment payments" has the meaning provided in Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-2(b)(2)(iii) (or any successor thereto).  
    (f)  Timing of Release of Claims.    Whenever an Award conditions a payment or benefit on the Participant's execution and non-revocation of a release of claims, such release must be executed and all revocation periods shall have expired within sixty (60) days after the date of termination of the Participant's employment; failing which such payment or benefit shall be forfeited. If such payment or benefit is exempt from Section 409A of the Code, the Company may elect to make or commence payment at any time during such 60-day period. If such payment or benefit constitutes Non-Exempt Deferred Compensation, then, subject to subsection (c) above, (i) if such 60-day period begins and ends in a single calendar year, the Company may make or commence payment at any time during such period at its discretion, and (ii) if such 60-day period begins in one calendar year and ends in the next calendar year, the payment shall be made or commence during the second such calendar year (or any later date specified for such payment under the applicable Award), even if such signing and non-revocation of the release occur during the first such calendar year included within such 60-day  
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
     period. In other words, a Participant is not permitted to influence the calendar year of payment based on the timing of signing the release.  
    (g)  Permitted Acceleration.    The Company shall have the sole authority to make any accelerated distribution permissible under Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-3(j)(4) to Participants of deferred amounts, provided that such distribution(s) meets the requirements of Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-3(j)(4).  
 16.4  UNFUNDED STATUS OF AWARDS.    The Plan is intended to be an "unfunded" plan for incentive and deferred compensation. With respect to any payments not yet made to a Participant pursuant to an Award, nothing contained in the Plan or any Award Certificate shall give the Participant any rights that are greater than those of a general creditor of the Company or any Affiliate. In its sole discretion, the Committee may authorize the creation of grantor trusts or other arrangements to meet the obligations created under the Plan to deliver Shares or payments in lieu of Shares or with respect to Awards. This Plan is not intended to be subject to ERISA.  
 16.5  RELATIONSHIP TO OTHER BENEFITS.    No payment under the Plan shall be taken into account in determining any benefits under any pension, retirement, savings, profit sharing, group insurance, welfare or benefit plan of the Company or any Affiliate unless provided otherwise in such other plan. Nothing contained in the Plan will prevent the Company from adopting other or additional compensation arrangements, subject to stockholder approval if such approval is required; and such arrangements may be either generally applicable or applicable only in specific cases.  
 16.6  EXPENSES.    The expenses of administering the Plan shall be borne by the Company and its Affiliates.  
 16.7  TITLES AND HEADINGS.    The titles and headings of the Sections in the Plan are for convenience of reference only, and in the event of any conflict, the text of the Plan, rather than such titles or headings, shall control.  
 16.8  GENDER AND NUMBER.    Except where otherwise indicated by the context, any masculine term used herein also shall include the feminine; the plural shall include the singular and the singular shall include the plural.  
 16.9  FRACTIONAL SHARES.    No fractional Shares shall be issued and the Committee shall determine, in its discretion, whether cash shall be given in lieu of fractional Shares or whether such fractional Shares shall be eliminated by rounding up or down.  
 16.10  GOVERNMENT AND OTHER REGULATIONS.  
    (a)  Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, no Participant who acquires Shares pursuant to the Plan may, during any period of time that such Participant is an affiliate of the Company (within the meaning of the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission under the 1933 Act), sell such Shares, unless such offer and sale is made (i) pursuant to an effective registration statement under the 1933 Act, which is current and includes the Shares to be sold, or (ii) pursuant to an appropriate exemption from the registration requirement of the 1933 Act, such as that set forth in Rule 144 promulgated under the 1933 Act.  
    (b)  Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, if at any time the Committee shall determine that the registration, listing or qualification of the Shares covered by an Award upon any Exchange or under any foreign, federal, state or local law or practice, or the consent or approval  
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
     of any governmental regulatory body, is necessary or desirable as a condition of, or in connection with, the granting of such Award or the purchase or receipt of Shares thereunder, no Shares may be purchased, delivered or received pursuant to such Award unless and until such registration, listing, qualification, consent or approval shall have been effected or obtained free of any condition not acceptable to the Committee. Any Participant receiving or purchasing Shares pursuant to an Award shall make such representations and agreements and furnish such information as the Committee may request to assure compliance with the foregoing or any other applicable legal requirements. The Company shall not be required to issue or deliver any certificate or certificates for Shares under the Plan prior to the Committee's determination that all related requirements have been fulfilled. The Company shall in no event be obligated to register any securities pursuant to the 1933 Act or applicable state or foreign law or to take any other action in order to cause the issuance and delivery of such certificates to comply with any such law, regulation or requirement.  
 16.11  GOVERNING LAW.    To the extent not governed by federal law, the Plan and all Award Certificates shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Delaware.  
 16.12  SEVERABILITY.    In the event that any provision of this Plan is found to be invalid or otherwise unenforceable under any applicable law, such invalidity or unenforceability will not be construed as rendering any other provisions contained herein as invalid or unenforceable, and all such other provisions will be given full force and effect to the same extent as though the invalid or unenforceable provision was not contained herein.  
 16.13  NO LIMITATIONS ON RIGHTS OF COMPANY.    The grant of any Award shall not in any way affect the right or power of the Company to make adjustments, reclassification or changes in its capital or business structure or to merge, consolidate, dissolve, liquidate, sell or transfer all or any part of its business or assets. The Plan shall not restrict the authority of the Company, for proper corporate purposes, to draft or assume awards, other than under the Plan, to or with respect to any person. If the Committee so directs, the Company may issue or transfer Shares to an Affiliate, for such lawful consideration as the Committee may specify, upon the condition or understanding that the Affiliate will transfer such Shares to a Participant in accordance with the terms of an Award granted to such Participant and specified by the Committee pursuant to the provisions of the Plan.  
[END TABLE]
**********
The foregoing is hereby acknowledged as being Comstock Holding Companies, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan as adopted by the Board on December 12, 2018 and by the shareholders on February __, 2019.
COMSTOCK HOLDING COMPANIES, INC. 
Christopher Clemente, Chief Executive Officer COMSTOCK HOLDING COMPANIES, INC.
SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
THIS PROXY IS SOLICITED ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The undersigned stockholder of Comstock Holding Companies, Inc., a Delaware corporation, hereby acknowledges receipt of the notice of special meeting of stockholders and proxy statement, each dated ___________, 2019, and hereby appoints Jubal R. Thompson, proxy and attorney-in-fact, with full power to each of substitution, on behalf and in the name of the undersigned, to represent the undersigned at the Special Meeting of Stockholders of Comstock Holding Companies, Inc. to be held on February 12, 2019, at 10:00 a.m., local time, at the second floor conference center at Reston Station, located at 1900 Reston Metro Plaza, 2nd floor, Reston, Virginia, and at any adjournment or adjournments thereof, and to vote all shares of common stock which the undersigned would be entitled to vote if then and there personally present on the matters set forth on the reverse side of this proxy card. If you need directions to the meeting, please contact Judy Whitaker at (703) 883-1700.
(Continued and to be signed on the reverse side.) SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS OF
COMSTOCK HOLDING COMPANIES, INC.
FEBRUARY 12, 2019
NOTICE OF INTERNET AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIAL:
The Notice of Meeting, Proxy Statement, Proxy Card are available at www.comstockcompanies.com/proxymaterial
Please sign, date and mail your proxy card in the envelope provided as soon as possible.
FOR EACH OF THE MATTERS SET FORTH BELOW, THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE "FOR" THE MATTER SUBMITTED.
[BEGIN TABLE]
 1.      To approve an amendment to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of Class A common stock 
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
 ☐   For      ☐   Against      ☐   Abstain 
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
 2.      To approve the Comstock Holding Companies, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
 ☐   For      ☐   Against      ☐   Abstain 
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
 ☐  Please check this box if you plan to attend the special meeting of stockholders despite submission of this Proxy. 
[END TABLE]
THIS PROXY WILL BE VOTED AS DIRECTED OR, IF NO CONTRARY DIRECTION IS INDICATED, "FOR" THE AMENDMENT TO OUR AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION TO INCREASE THE NUMBER OF AUTHORIZED SHARES OF CLASS A COMMON STOCK, "FOR" THE 2019 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN AND AS SAID PROXIES DEEM ADVISABLE ON SUCH OTHER MATTERS AS MAY COME BEFORE THE MEETING.
Please sign exactly as your name or names appear on this Proxy. When shares are held jointly, each holder should sign. When signing as executor, administrator, attorney, trustee or guardian, please give full title as such. If the signer is a corporation, please sign full corporate name by duly authorized officer, giving full title as such. If signer is a partnership, please sign in partnership name by authorized person.
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Dated:                                                           , 2019 
 Signature of Stockholder 
 Signature of Other Stockholder (if held jointly) 
 Title(s) 
[END TABLE]
To change the address on your account, please check the box at right and indicate your new address in the space above. Please note that changes to the registered name(s) on the account may not be submitted via this method.  ☐
2