
UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
DEFINITIVE SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION
Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
Filed by the Registrant ☒
Filed by a Party other than the Registrant ☐
Check the appropriate box:
Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box):
CHINA JO-JO DRUGSTORES, INC.
Hai Wai Hai Tongxin Mansion Floor 6
Gong Shu District, Hangzhou City
Zhejiang Province
P. R. China, 310008
Telephone: +86-571-88219579
NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
TO BE HELD ON MARCH 11, 2019
TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF CHINA JO-JO DRUGSTORES, INC.:
The Annual Meeting of the shareholders for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 of China Jo-Jo Drugstores, Inc. (the "Annual Meeting"), a Nevada corporation, (the "Company"), will be held on March 11, 2019 at 9:00 p.m. E.T. (March 12, 2019 at 9:00 a.m., Beijing time), at the Company's principal executive offices located at Hai Wai Hai Tongxin Mansion Floor 6, Gong Shu District, Hangzhou City, Zhejiang Province, P. R. China, 310008, for the following purposes:
These items of business are more fully described in the proxy statement accompanying this Notice.
The Board of Directors has fixed the close of business on January 18, 2019, as the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to notice of and to vote at the Annual Meeting. We know that many of our stockholders will be unable to attend the Annual Meeting. We are soliciting proxies so that each stockholder has an opportunity to vote on all matters that are scheduled to come before the stockholders at the Annual Meeting. Whether or not you plan to attend, please take the time now to read the proxy statement and vote via the Internet or, if you prefer, submit by mail a paper copy of your proxy or voter instructions card, so that your shares are represented at the meeting. You may also revoke your proxy or voter instructions before or at the Annual Meeting. Regardless of the number of our shares you own, your presence in person or by proxy is important for quorum purposes and your vote is important for proper corporate actions.
Hangzhou City, People's Republic of China
IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS FOR THE SHAREHOLDERS MEETING TO BE HELD ON MARCH 11, 2019 - THE PROXY STATEMENT AND ANNUAL REPORT TO SHAREHOLDERS ARE AVAILABLE AT www.iproxydirect.com/CJJD
WHETHER OR NOT YOU EXPECT TO ATTEND THE ANNUAL MEETING, WE URGE YOU TO VOTE. YOU MAY VOTE BY TELEPHONE OR VIA THE INTERNET. IF YOU RECEIVED A PAPER COPY OF THE PROXY CARD BY MAIL, YOU MAY ALSO MARK, SIGN, DATE AND RETURN THE PROXY CARD PROMPTLY IN THE ENCLOSED POSTAGE-PREPAID ENVELOPE.
CHINA JO-JO DRUGSTORES, INC.
Hai Wai Hai Tongxin Mansion Floor 6
Gong Shu District, Hangzhou City
Zhejiang Province
P. R. China, 310008
Telephone: +86-571-88219579
PROXY STATEMENT
ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
TO BE HELD ON MARCH 11, 2019
January 24, 2019
GENERAL
The enclosed proxy is solicited on behalf of the Board of Directors (the "Board") of China Jo-Jo Drugstores, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the "Company"), for use at the Annual Meeting of shareholders to be held on March 11, 2019 at 9:00 p.m. E.T. (March 12, 2019 at 9:00 a.m., Beijing time) (the "Annual Meeting"), or at any adjournment or postponement of the Annual Meeting, for the purposes set forth in this proxy statement and in the accompanying Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders. The Annual Meeting will be held at the Company's principal executive offices located at Hai Wai Hai Tongxin Mansion Floor 6, Gong Shu District, Hangzhou City, Zhejiang Province, P. R. China, 310008.
These proxy materials are made available to you by the Board on the Internet on or about January 24, 2019, at www.iproxydirect.com/CJJD, which is on the proxy card mailed to shareholders of record and beneficial holders. Printed versions of these proxy materials will be delivered to you by mail, free of charge, in connection with the Board's solicitation of proxies for use at the Annual Meeting on or about January 28, 2019. Our shareholders are invited to attend the Annual Meeting and are requested to vote on the proposals described in this proxy statement. These proxy materials include: our proxy statement for (and notice of) the Annual Meeting; and our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2018 (the "Annual Report"), which includes our annual audited financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2018. These proxy materials also include a proxy card or a voting information card for the Annual Meeting, for submitting your vote in writing to us or your broker, as the case may be.	
ABOUT THE MEETING
Who is entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting?
Only shareholders of record at the close of business on January 18, 2019 (the "Record Date") are entitled to receive notice of and to vote at the Annual Meeting. If you were a shareholder of record on the Record Date, you will be entitled to vote all of the shares that you held on the Record Date at the Annual Meeting, or any postponement or adjournment of the Annual Meeting.
Who can attend the Annual Meeting?
Any person who was a shareholder of the Company on the Record Date may attend the meeting. If you own shares in street name, you should ask your broker or bank for a legal proxy to bring with you to the Annual Meeting. If you do not receive the legal proxy in time, bring your most recent brokerage statement so that we can verify your ownership of our stock and admit you to the Annual Meeting. You will not, however, be able to vote your shares at the Annual Meeting without a legal proxy. What am I voting on?
The Board, on behalf of the Company, is seeking your affirmative vote for the following three items:
[BEGIN TABLE]
  2. The  ratification of BDO CHINA SHU LUN PAN Certified Public Accountants LLP as the Company's independent registered public accounting  firm for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2019; and 
[END TABLE]
Will any other matters be voted on?
We do not know of any other matters that will be brought before the shareholders for a vote at the Annual Meeting. If any other matter is properly brought before the meeting, your signed proxy card would authorize Mr. Lei Liu to vote on such matters in his discretion.
How do I vote?
Shareholders of Record
If your shares are registered directly in your name with the Company's transfer agent, American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC, then you are a shareholder of record.
If you are a shareholder of record, there are five ways to vote:
Street Name Holders
If your shares are held, not in your name, but rather in an account at a brokerage firm, bank, dealer or other similar organization, then you are the beneficial owner of shares held in "street name" and these proxy materials are being forwarded to you by that organization. The organization holding your account is considered to be the shareholder of record for purposes of voting at the Annual Meeting. As a beneficial owner, you have the right to direct your broker or other agent regarding how to vote the shares in your account. You are also invited to attend the Annual Meeting. However, since you are not the shareholder of record, you may not vote your shares in person at the Annual Meeting unless you request and obtain a valid proxy from your broker or agent. Regardless of how your shares are registered, if you complete and properly sign the proxy card and return it to the address indicated, it will be voted as you direct.
How many votes do I have?
On each matter to be voted upon, you will have one vote for each share of the Company's common stock that you owned on the Record Date.
How many votes can be cast by all shareholders?
The Company had 28,936,778 outstanding shares of common stock on the Record Date, and each of these shares is entitled to one vote.
How many votes must be present to hold the meeting?
The holders of at least a majority of the Company's common stock outstanding on the Record Date must be present at the Annual Meeting in person or by proxy in order to fulfill the quorum requirement necessary to hold the Annual Meeting. As of the Record Date, there were 28,936,778 shares of common stock outstanding. This means at least 14,468,390 common shares must be present in person or by proxy.
If you vote, your shares will be part of the quorum. Abstentions and broker non-votes will also be counted in determining the quorum. A broker non-vote occurs when a bank or broker holding shares in street name submits a proxy that states that the broker does not vote for some or all of the proposals because the broker has not received instructions from the beneficial owners on how to vote on the proposals and does not have discretionary authority to vote in the absence of instructions.
We urge you to vote by proxy even if you plan to attend the Annual Meeting so that we will know as soon as possible that a quorum has been achieved.
What vote is required to approve each proposal?
Proposal No. 1 (Election of Directors): The six nominees for directors who receive the most votes will be elected.
Please note that brokers may no longer vote on the election of directors in the absence of specific client instructions.
Proposal No. 2 (Ratification of the Appointment of the Independent Auditor): The required vote to approve the ratification of the appointment of BDO CHINA SHU LUN PAN Certified Public Accountants LLP as the Company's independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2019, is the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting. 
Can I change my vote?
Yes. You may change your vote by sending in a new proxy card with a later date, or, if you are a shareholder of record, sending written notice of revocation to the Company's Secretary at the address on the cover of this proxy statement. Also, if you attend the Annual Meeting and wish to vote in person, you may request that your previously submitted proxy not be used. What happens if I sign and return the proxy card but do not indicate how to vote on an issue?
If you return a proxy card without indicating your vote, your shares will be voted as follows:
[BEGIN TABLE]
● FOR          ratification of the appointment of BDO CHINA SHU LUN PAN Certified Public Accountants LLP as the Company's independent          registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2019.   
● FOR          ratification of the appointment of BDO CHINA SHU LUN PAN Certified Public Accountants LLP as the Company's independent          registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2019.   
● FOR  approval to transact such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting or any adjournment thereof. 
[END TABLE]
How can I find out the results of the voting at the Annual Meeting?
Preliminary voting results will be announced at the Annual Meeting. Final voting results will be published in a Current Report on Form 8-K, which we will file with the SEC within four business days after the Annual Meeting.
When are shareholder proposals due for the next annual meeting?
We presently intend to hold our next annual meeting of shareholders in March 2020. Any appropriate proposal submitted by a shareholder and intended to be presented at the next annual meeting of shareholders must be submitted in writing to our Secretary at Hai Wai Hai Tongxin Mansion Floor 6, Gong Shu District, Hangzhou City, Zhejiang Province, P. R. China, 310008, and received no later than September 26, 2019, to be includable in the Company's proxy statement and related proxy for the next annual meeting of shareholders. A shareholder proposal will need to comply with the SEC regulations under Rule 14a-8 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), regarding the inclusion of shareholder proposals in company-sponsored proxy materials. Although the Board will consider shareholder proposals, we reserve the right to omit from our proxy statement, or to vote against, shareholder proposals that we are not required to include under the Exchange Act, including Rule 14a-8.
How can I obtain additional information about the Company?
You can access our Annual Report as filed with the SEC. Additional copies will be furnished without charge to shareholders upon written request. Exhibits to the Annual Report will be provided upon written request. All written requests should be directed to: China Jo-Jo Drugstores, Inc., c/o Chief Financial Officer, Hai Wai Hai Tongxin Mansion Floor 6, Gong Shu District, Hangzhou City, Zhejiang Province, P. R. China, 310008.
We are subject to the informational requirements of the Exchange Act, which requires that we file reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding companies, including our Company, that file electronically with the SEC. The SEC's website address is www.sec.gov. In addition, our filings may be inspected and copied at the public reference facilities of the SEC located at 100 F Street, N.E. Washington, DC 20549. Copies of the material may also be obtained upon request and payment of the appropriate fee from the Public Reference Section of the SEC located at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, DC 20549. PROPOSAL NO. 1 
ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
Under the Company's bylaws, the number of directors of the Company is fixed by the Board and may be increased or decreased by resolution of the Board. Vacancies on the Board may be filled only by persons elected by a majority of the remaining directors. A director elected by the Board to fill a vacancy shall serve until the next Annual Meeting.
The directors of the Company do not have a definite term of office, and each director will serve until the next Annual Meeting and until the director's successor is elected and qualified. The Nominating Committee of the Board, comprising of four independent directors, will consider director candidates recommended by shareholders. The Nominating Committee does not intend to alter the manner in which it evaluates candidates based on whether or not the candidate was recommended by a shareholder, except that the Nominating Committee may consider the size and duration of the share holdings of the recommending shareholder in relation to the total outstanding shares of the Company, and the extent to which the recommending shareholder intends to continue holding its interest in the Company. To nominate a director, shareholders must submit such nomination in writing to our Secretary at Hai Wai Hai Tongxin Mansion Floor 6, Gong Shu District, Hangzhou City, Zhejiang Province, P. R. China, 310008.
Currently, the Board has fixed the number of directors at six persons. Six directors are to be elected to the Board at the Annual Meeting. The Board has nominated Mr. Lei Liu, Ms. Li Qi, Ms. Caroline Wang, Mr. Jiangliang He, Ms. Pingfan Wu, and Dr. Genghua Gu for re-election at the Annual Meeting. All six nominees currently serve on the Board.
Directors are elected by a plurality of the votes of the holders of shares present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote on the election of directors at the Annual Meeting at which a quorum is present. The nominees receiving the most "For" votes (among votes properly cast in person or by proxy) will be elected. If no contrary indication is made, shares represented by executed proxy will be voted "For" the election of the nominees named above or, if any nominee becomes unavailable for election as a result of unexpected occurrence, "For" the election of a substitute nominee designated by our Board. Each nominee has agreed to serve as a director if elected, and we have no reason to believe that any nominee will be unable to serve.
All of the Company's directors are expected to attend the Annual Meeting, unless unusual circumstances would prevent such attendance.
The Board of Directors recommends a vote "FOR" each nominee.
INFORMATION ABOUT THE NOMINEES
Lei Liu, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board
Lei Liu has served as our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of our Board of Directors since September 17, 2009. Mr. Liu is one of the three founders of Hangzhou Jiuzhou Grand Pharmacy Chain Co., Ltd. ("Jiuzhou Pharmacy"), Hangzhou Jiuzhou Clinic of Integrated Traditional and Western Medicine (General Partnership) ("Jiuzhou Clinic") and Hangzhou Jiuzhou Service  & Public Health Service Co., Ltd. ("Jiuzhou Service") (Jiuzhou Pharmacy, Jiuzhou Clinic and Jiuzhou Service, as well as the subsidiaries of Jiuzhou Pharmacy, collectively as "HJ Group"), and has been the executive director of Jiuzhou Pharmacy since September 2003 and the supervising director of Jiuzhou Service since November 2005. From December 1997 to August 2003, Mr. Liu worked in Tai He Drugstore as a general manager. From September 1992 to November 1997, Mr. Liu was an administration official of Hangzhou Medical Junior College, his alma mater, where he was also a researcher and an anatomy instructor from September 1983 to July 1992. Mr. Liu has been a licensed researcher in the PRC since September 1988. As the founder and CEO responsible for our vision and direction, Mr. Liu is invaluable to us and our Board of Directors. These attributes make Mr. Liu an ideal candidate to serve as our Chairman. Li Qi, Director
Ms. Qi is one of the three founders of HJ Group and is currently the general manager of both Jiuzhou Pharmacy and Jiuzhou Service. From January 2000 to June 2003, Ms. Qi worked in Zhejiang Yikang Drugstore as a general manager. From October 1991 to January 2000, Ms. Qi worked in the Branch Hospital of Hangzhou No. 1 People's Hospital as a nurse. Ms. Qi is a licensed TCM pharmacist in the PRC and is a 1991 graduate of Hangzhou Nurse School. The Board believes that Ms. Qi's knowledge of the Company's history and day-to-day operations and her experience in the PRC medical industry qualify her to serve a director of the Company.
Caroline Wang, Independent Director
Ms. Wang has been a member of our Board since March 29, 2017. Since May 2017, Ms. Wang has been an investment manager with Zhejiang Provincial Financial Holdings Co., Ltd. From October 2015 to April 2017, Ms. Wang has been a project manager with JC Group, a comprehensive industrial financial group which serves the "city management", performing internal audit and projects management for a variety of financial products. Prior to that, Ms. Wang served as an assistant CFO of Kandi Technologies Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:KNDI), a company engaged in the research, development, manufacturing, and sales of vehicle products. She was primarily responsible for the consolidation of financial reports and internal control audits. From 2012 to 2015, Ms. Wang was an audit department assistant manager with KPMG Huazhen LLP Hangzhou Branch, conducting financial reporting audits and internal control audits for listing companies, as well as providing audit service to pre-IPO companies. None of these companies is related to or affiliated with the registrant. Ms. Wang holds a master's degree in public administration from London School of Economics and Political Science, and a bachelor's degree in finance from Beijing Language and Culture University. The Board has determined that Ms. Wang has the qualifications to serve as a member of the Board given her extensive financial, accounting and auditing experience, as well as her English and Chinese bilingual capabilities, which facilitates the Board's supervision of management.
Jiangliang He, Independent Director
Mr. He has been a member of our Board since September 4, 2018. He has extensive experience as an attorney. Mr. He has served as a partner in Dentons China, a large law firm with a presence in approximately 45 cities in China, since August 2008. From July 1997 to July 2008, he was a partner in the Zhejiang Jiuyao law firm. From July 1984 to June 1997, he was a professor at Hangzhou School of Law. Mr. He received his bachelor's degree in law from Beijing University. The Board believes his knowledge and experiences in law helps the Board have a good corporate governance.
Genghua Gu, Independent Director
Dr. Gu is a retired physician, professor and published scientific researcher in the field of stomatology. From 2003 to 2013, Dr. Gu was a member of the Standing Committee of Zhejiang Province Political Consultative Conference. From 2000 to 2009, Dr. Gu was the Vice President of the Women's Hospital of Zhejiang University's School of Medicine (the "School of Medicine"), where, in addition to being a chief physician, professor and researcher, he was also in charge of logistics and financial managements as part of the hospital's management. From 1998 to 2000, Dr. Gu was the Vice President of the Second Affiliate Hospital of the School of Medicine (the "Affiliate Hospital"), where, in addition to his medical, teaching and research duties, he was also in charge of the hospital's logistics. From 1995 to 1998, Dr. Gu served as the Deputy Magistrate with the Shuichang County Government in Zhejiang Province, in charge of the county's culture, education and hygiene programs. From 1988 to 1995, Dr. Gu was the Head of the Medical Department at the Affiliate Hospital and was involved in planning and management of the medical department. Dr. Gu served as an oral surgeon from 1977 to 1988 at the Affiliate Hospital. Dr. Gu graduated from Shanghai Jiaotong University's School of Medicine, Department of Stomatology in 1977. The Board has determined that Dr. Gu should serve as a director given his extensive medical and scientific research experience, as well as his government and hospital management and logistics experience. Pingfan Wu, Independent Director
Ms. Pingfan Wu has been a member of our Board since October 26, 2018. She graduated from Jiangxi Medical College with a major in clinical medicine. After graduation, she worked in a hospital for eight years as a physician and an attending physician. After that, she joined Sino-American Shike/GlaxoSmithKline for 18 years until 2014. From sales representative to GSK China Sales/Strategy Director, Ms. Wu was responsible for the sale of multiple prescription drugs/OTC products in Chinese hospitals, retail markets, government cooperation projects and mergers and acquisitions. Since 2014 Ms. Wu has been working at Cardinal Health China Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., which is among the top three largest U.S./foreign drug distribution companies in China ("Cardinal China"). She served as its retail COO, responsible for retail channel branding/sales of the distribution products in China and online/offline business strategy planning and operation management for its Direct-to-Patient ("DTP") pharmacy. The DTP pharmacy is mainly a hospital-side pharmacy and the products are primarily high-value drugs. The Board believes that Ms. Wu's experiences in pharmacy industry brings the Company opportunities in business development.
INFORMATION REGARDING THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Our Board currently consists of six members. Our bylaws provide that our directors will hold office until the Annual Meeting of shareholders or until their successors have been elected and qualified. Our Board is responsible for the business and affairs of the Company and considers various matters that require its approval.
Independence of the Board
We are required to comply with The NASDAQ Stock Market ("NASDAQ") listing standards, under which a majority of the members of a listed company's board of directors must qualify as "independent," as affirmatively determined by the board of directors. The Board consults with the Company's counsel to ensure that the Board's determination are consistent with relevant securities and other laws and regulations regarding the definition of "independent," including those set forth in pertinent listing standards of the NASDAQ, as in effect from time to time.
Consistent with these considerations, after review of all relevant transactions or relationships between each director, or any of his or her family members, and the Company, our senior management and our independent registered public accounting firm, the Board has affirmatively determined that the following directors and nominees are independent directors within the meaning of the NASDAQ listing standards: Ms. Caroline Wang, Mr. Jiangliang He, Dr. Genghua Gu, and Ms. Pingfan Wu are independent directors. Mr. Lei Liu and Ms. Li Qi are not independent directors.
Code of Ethics and Business Conduct
The Company's Code of Ethics, which applies to all officers, directors and employees, was adopted by the Board on March 15, 2010. The Code of Ethics was filed as Exhibit 14 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 23, 2010, a copy of which is available on our website at http://www.chinajojodrugstores.com under the tabs "Investor" – "Corporate Governance" – "Documents".
Meetings of the Board
During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, the Board met one time and took action by unanimous written consent four times.
Information regarding Committees of the Board
The Board has three committees: the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Nominating Committee. The following table provides membership and meeting information for these committees for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018: Below is a description of each committee as it is presently constituted. The Board has determined that each current member of each committee meets the applicable SEC and NASDAQ rules and regulations regarding "independence" and that each member is free of any relationship that would impair his or her individual exercise of independent judgment with regard to the Company.
Audit Committee
The Audit Committee was established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act to oversee the Company's corporate accounting and financial reporting processes and audits of its financial statements. The Audit Committee operates under a written charter, a copy of which is available on our website at http://www.chinajojodrugstores.com under the tabs "Investor" – "Corporate Governance" – "Documents", and is composed of our three (3) independent directors. Our Board of Directors has determined, based on information furnished by Ms. Caroline Wang and other available information, that she meets the requirements of an "audit committee financial expert" as that term is defined in the rules promulgated under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, and has accordingly designated her as such. Our Board of Directors has also appointed her the chairperson of the committee.
The Audit Committee assists the Board oversight of (i) the integrity of the Company's financial statements, (ii) the Company's compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, (iii) the independent auditor's qualifications and independence, and (iv) the performance of the Company's internal audit function and independent auditor, and prepares the report that the SEC requires to be included in the Company's annual proxy statement.
Report of the Audit Committee
The Audit Committee oversees the Company's financial reporting process on behalf of the Board. The Audit Committee operates under a written charter approved by the Board. The charter provides, among other things, that the Audit Committee has full authority to engage the independent auditor. In discharging its oversight responsibilities regarding the audit process, the Audit Committee: 
[BEGIN TABLE]
/s/          Caroline Wang, Chairperson of the Audit Committee /s/          Jiangliang He, Member of the Audit Committee /s/          Genghua Gu, Member of the Audit Committee   The          foregoing Audit Committee Report does not constitute soliciting material or to be "filed" with the Commission          or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C (17 CFR 240.14a-1 through 240.14b-2 or 240.14c-1 through 240.14c-101), other than          as provided in Item 407 of Regulation S-K, or to the liabilities of section 18 of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78r) and          shall not be deemed filed or incorporated by reference into any other filing of our company under the Securities Act or          the Exchange Act, except to the extent we specifically incorporate this Audit Committee Report by reference therein. 
/s/          Caroline Wang, Chairperson of the Audit Committee /s/          Jiangliang He, Member of the Audit Committee /s/          Genghua Gu, Member of the Audit Committee   The          foregoing Audit Committee Report does not constitute soliciting material or to be "filed" with the Commission          or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C (17 CFR 240.14a-1 through 240.14b-2 or 240.14c-1 through 240.14c-101), other than          as provided in Item 407 of Regulation S-K, or to the liabilities of section 18 of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78r) and          shall not be deemed filed or incorporated by reference into any other filing of our company under the Securities Act or          the Exchange Act, except to the extent we specifically incorporate this Audit Committee Report by reference therein. 
/s/          Caroline Wang, Chairperson of the Audit Committee /s/          Jiangliang He, Member of the Audit Committee /s/          Genghua Gu, Member of the Audit Committee   The          foregoing Audit Committee Report does not constitute soliciting material or to be "filed" with the Commission          or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C (17 CFR 240.14a-1 through 240.14b-2 or 240.14c-1 through 240.14c-101), other than          as provided in Item 407 of Regulation S-K, or to the liabilities of section 18 of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78r) and          shall not be deemed filed or incorporated by reference into any other filing of our company under the Securities Act or          the Exchange Act, except to the extent we specifically incorporate this Audit Committee Report by reference therein. 
/s/          Caroline Wang, Chairperson of the Audit Committee /s/          Jiangliang He, Member of the Audit Committee /s/          Genghua Gu, Member of the Audit Committee   The          foregoing Audit Committee Report does not constitute soliciting material or to be "filed" with the Commission          or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C (17 CFR 240.14a-1 through 240.14b-2 or 240.14c-1 through 240.14c-101), other than          as provided in Item 407 of Regulation S-K, or to the liabilities of section 18 of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78r) and          shall not be deemed filed or incorporated by reference into any other filing of our company under the Securities Act or          the Exchange Act, except to the extent we specifically incorporate this Audit Committee Report by reference therein. 
/s/          Caroline Wang, Chairperson of the Audit Committee /s/          Jiangliang He, Member of the Audit Committee /s/          Genghua Gu, Member of the Audit Committee   The          foregoing Audit Committee Report does not constitute soliciting material or to be "filed" with the Commission          or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C (17 CFR 240.14a-1 through 240.14b-2 or 240.14c-1 through 240.14c-101), other than          as provided in Item 407 of Regulation S-K, or to the liabilities of section 18 of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78r) and          shall not be deemed filed or incorporated by reference into any other filing of our company under the Securities Act or          the Exchange Act, except to the extent we specifically incorporate this Audit Committee Report by reference therein. 
[END TABLE]
Compensation Committee
Our Compensation Committee operates under a written charter, a copy of which is available on our website at http://www.chinajojodrugstores.com under the tabs "Investor" – "Corporate Governance" – "Documents", and is made up of our three (3) independent directors. As of March 31, 2018 Taihong Guo was the chairperson of the committee. Mr. Jiangliang He has been the chairperson of the committee since September 4, 2018 when Taihong Guo resigned from all of his positions with the Board and the committees of the Board. Our Compensation Committee oversees and, as appropriate, makes recommendations to the Board regarding the annual salaries and other compensation of our executive officers and our employees, and other employee policies; it also provides assistance and recommendations with respect to our compensation policies and practices.
Nominating Committee
Our Nominating Committee operates under a written charter, a copy of which is available on our website at http://www.chinajojodrugstores.com under the tabs "Investor" – "Corporate Governance" – "Documents", and is made up of our four (4) independent directors. Genghua Gu is the chairperson of the committee. Our Nominating Committee assists the Board in the selection of director nominees, approves director nominations to be presented for stockholder approval at our annual general meeting, fills any vacancies on our Board of Directors, considers any nominations of director candidates validly made by stockholders, and reviews and considers developments in corporate governance practices.
Each of the six nominees for election as a director named in this proxy statement were unanimously recommended by the Nominating Committee for submission to the shareholders of the Company as the Board's nominees.
Shareholder Communications with the Board
Due to the infrequency of communications from shareholders to the Board, our Board has not adopted a formal process by which shareholders may communicate with the Board. Nevertheless, shareholders or other interested parties may write to the Company's Secretary at Hai Wai Hai Tongxin Mansion Floor 6, Gong Shu District, Hangzhou City, Zhejiang Province, P. R. China, 310008, and should prominently indicate on the outside of the envelope that it is intended for the Board or for non-management directors, and the Company's Secretary will forward the communications to all specified directors. If no director is specified, the communication will be forwarded to the entire Board. PROPOSAL NO. 2
RATIFICATION OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS
The Audit Committee has selected BDO CHINA SHU LUN PAN Certified Public Accountants LLP ("BDO China") as the Company's independent registered public accountants for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2019, and has further directed that management submit the selection of independent auditors for ratification by the shareholders at the Annual Meeting. The shareholders are being asked to ratify this appointment so that the Audit Committee will know the opinion of the shareholders. However, the Audit Committee has sole authority to appoint the independent registered public accounting firm.
Representatives of BDO China are not expected to be present at the Annual Meeting, either in person or by teleconference.
The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting will be required to ratify the selection of BDO China.
The Board of Directors recommends a vote "FOR" the ratification of the appointment of BDO China as the Company's independent registered public accounting firm.
Principal Accountant Fees and Services
Our current principal independent auditor is BDO China whom we engaged on April 7, 2015. The following table shows the fees for audit and other services provided by BDO China in relation to our 2018 and 2017 fiscal years:
Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures of the Audit Committee
The Audit Committee approves the engagement of our independent auditors and is also required to pre-approve all audit and non-audit expenses. Prior to engaging its accountants to perform particular services, the Audit Committee obtains an estimate for the service to be performed. All of the services described above were approved by the Audit Committee in accordance with its procedure. INFORMATION REGARDING OUR DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
The following table identifies our current executive officers and directors, their respective offices and positions, and their respective dates of election or appointment as of the Record Date:
Arrangements Involving Directors or Executive Officers
There is no arrangement or understanding between any of our directors or executive officers and any other person pursuant to which any director or officer was or is to be selected as a director or officer, and there is no arrangement, plan, or understanding as to whether non-management shareholders will exercise their voting rights to continue to elect the current Board. There are also no arrangements, agreements, or understandings to our knowledge between non-management shareholders that may directly or indirectly participate in or influence the management of our affairs.
Family Relationships
There are no family relationships between or among any of the current directors, executive officers or persons nominated or charged to become directors or executive officers. There are no family relationships among our officers and directors and those of our subsidiaries and affiliated companies except the following: Mr. Liu is son of our Chairman of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer but has not been involved in any transaction with the Company during the past two years that would require disclosure under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.
Business Experience
The business experience of our directors, including executive officers serving as directors, is provided under "Information about the Nominees" in Proposal 1 above. The experience of executive officers who are not also directors is described below.
Ming Zhao, Chief Financial Officer
From September 2010 to July 2011, Mr. Zhao served as a senior manager at CFO Oncall, Inc., a financial consulting firm providing CFO services to U.S.-listed, China-based publicly traded companies. Through CFO Oncall, Inc., Mr. Zhao has been consulting for the registrant since January 2010. From December 2006 through August 2010, Mr. Zhao served as a senior auditor at Sherb & Co., LLP. None of these companies is related to or affiliated with the Company. Mr. Zhao is a licensed certified public accountant. He graduated with a bachelor's degree in accounting from Central University of Finance and Economic in Beijing in July 1999, and obtained a master's degree in professional accounting from the University of Washington in December 2002. Mr. Wei Hu, Chief Operating Officer
Mr. Hu, age 45, has a track record of innovation and business success in key roles in various institutions in the healthcare industry. He is experienced in hospital management, strategic planning and deployment, performance management, lean management, medical quality management, operational analysis, information management, and external cooperation and exchange. Mr. Hu has been serving as Vice President of Taizhou Central Hospital (Taizhou College Affiliated Hospital) since September 2016. He is also the Vice President of Taizhou Medical Association, the Vice Chairman of the Special Committee of Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma and Tumor Causes of Zhejiang Anti-Cancer Association, a Standing Committee Member of the Cancer Radiotherapy Professional Committee of Zhejiang Medical Association, a member of the Provincial Clinical Epidemiology and Evidence-Based Medicine Branch, member of the Cancer Pain Professional Committee, and leader of the Cancer Chemotherapy and Chemotherapy Group of Taizhou Medical Association. In addition, Mr. Hu had served as Executive Vice President, Vice President and Dean of Enze Medical Center of Taizhou Central Hospital from February 2011 to September 2016. Under his leadership, Taizhou Central Hospital was named Class 3 Grade A hospital in 2011. He has also successively served as Director of Radiotherapy Department and Assistant Dean of Taizhou Hospital. Mr. Hu earned a Bachelor of Science in Clinical Medicine and is currently a Ph.D. candidate at the Medicine School of Zhejiang University.
Yan Liu, Secretary
Mr. Liu, age 28, from August 15, 2017 to August 1, 2018, Mr. Liu had been a project manager with Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd. ("Ping An Insurance"), a Chinese holding conglomerate whose subsidiaries mainly deal with insurance, banking, and financial services. Ping An Insurance is one of the top 50 companies on the Shanghai Stock Exchange. While at Ping An Insurance, Mr. Liu was mainly responsible for projects dealing with the reformation of the current Chinese medical system and market, which is a US$1.3 trillion (8 trillion yuan) industry as of 2018. Prior to that Mr. Liu had served as Director of Investor Relations for the Company from 2015. Mr. Liu holds a bachelor's degree in statistics from Arizona State University and a bachelor's degree in math from Jinan University.
Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act
Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our directors, executive officers and persons who own more than ten percent (10%) of a registered class of our equity securities ("Reporting Persons"), to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership on Forms 3, 4 and 5 with the SEC. The Reporting Persons are also required by SEC rules to furnish us with copies of Section 16(a) forms they file. Based upon a review of the filings made on their behalf during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, as well as an examination of the SEC's EDGAR system Form 3, 4, and 5 filings (including amendments to such forms) and our records, we believe that, for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, our directors, executive officers and holders of ten percent (10%) or more of our common stock complied with Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to them.
Legal Proceedings
None of our directors or executive officers has, during the past ten years: Executive Compensation
The following table sets forth information concerning all cash and non-cash compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to our principal executive officer and principal financial officer during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018. No other executive officer received compensation in excess of $100,000 during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018.
[BEGIN TABLE]
Name      and Principal Position   Fiscal                                           Year ended March 31,   Salary ($)   Bonus ($)   Stock Awards ($)(1)   Option Awards ($)   Non-Equity Incentive          Plan Compensation ($)   Nonqualified Deferred Compensation          Earnings ($)   All                                           Other Compensation ($)   Total ($)   
Name      and Principal Position   Fiscal                                           Year ended March 31,   Salary ($)   Bonus ($)   Stock Awards ($)(1)   Option Awards ($)   Non-Equity Incentive          Plan Compensation ($)   Nonqualified Deferred Compensation          Earnings ($)   All                                           Other Compensation ($)   Total ($)   
Name      and Principal Position   Fiscal                                           Year ended March 31,   Salary ($)   Bonus ($)   Stock Awards ($)(1)   Option Awards ($)   Non-Equity Incentive          Plan Compensation ($)   Nonqualified Deferred Compensation          Earnings ($)   All                                           Other Compensation ($)   Total ($)   
Lei          Liu, CEO          (2)(3)   2017 2018   43,236 54,360   -0- -0-   -0- 911,250   -0- -0-   -0- -0-   -0- -0-   -0- -0-   41,000 965,610   
Lei          Liu, CEO          (2)(3)   2017 2018   43,236 54,360   -0- -0-   -0- 911,250   -0- -0-   -0- -0-   -0- -0-   -0- -0-   41,000 965,610   
Ming          Zhao, Current CFO          (4)   2017 2018   88,000 88,000   -0- -0-   17,600   40,500   -0- -0-   -0- -0-   -0- -0-   -0- -0-   105,600 128,500   
Ming          Zhao, Current CFO          (4)   2017 2018   88,000 88,000   -0- -0-   17,600   40,500   -0- -0-   -0- -0-   -0- -0-   -0- -0-   105,600 128,500   
[END TABLE]
 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2018
[BEGIN TABLE]
Name   Number      of securities underlying unexercised options exercisable   Equity                                           incentive plan awards: number          of securities underlying unexercised options unexercisable   Equity                                           incentive plan awards: number of securities underlying unexercised unearned options   Option exercise price          ($)   Option expiration date   Number                                           of shares or          units of          stock that have not          vested   Market                                           value of shares or units of stock that have          not vested ($)   Equity      incentive plan awards: number of unearned shares, units or other rights that have not vested   Equity                                           incentive plan          awards: market          or payout value          of unearned shares,          units or other rights that have not vested ($)   
Name   Number      of securities underlying unexercised options exercisable   Equity                                           incentive plan awards: number          of securities underlying unexercised options unexercisable   Equity                                           incentive plan awards: number of securities underlying unexercised unearned options   Option exercise price          ($)   Option expiration date   Number                                           of shares or          units of          stock that have not          vested   Market                                           value of shares or units of stock that have          not vested ($)   Equity      incentive plan awards: number of unearned shares, units or other rights that have not vested   Equity                                           incentive plan          awards: market          or payout value          of unearned shares,          units or other rights that have not vested ($)   
Name   Number      of securities underlying unexercised options exercisable   Equity                                           incentive plan awards: number          of securities underlying unexercised options unexercisable   Equity                                           incentive plan awards: number of securities underlying unexercised unearned options   Option exercise price          ($)   Option expiration date   Number                                           of shares or          units of          stock that have not          vested   Market                                           value of shares or units of stock that have          not vested ($)   Equity      incentive plan awards: number of unearned shares, units or other rights that have not vested   Equity                                           incentive plan          awards: market          or payout value          of unearned shares,          units or other rights that have not vested ($)   
Name   Number      of securities underlying unexercised options exercisable   Equity                                           incentive plan awards: number          of securities underlying unexercised options unexercisable   Equity                                           incentive plan awards: number of securities underlying unexercised unearned options   Option exercise price          ($)   Option expiration date   Number                                           of shares or          units of          stock that have not          vested   Market                                           value of shares or units of stock that have          not vested ($)   Equity      incentive plan awards: number of unearned shares, units or other rights that have not vested   Equity                                           incentive plan          awards: market          or payout value          of unearned shares,          units or other rights that have not vested ($)   
Name   Number      of securities underlying unexercised options exercisable   Equity                                           incentive plan awards: number          of securities underlying unexercised options unexercisable   Equity                                           incentive plan awards: number of securities underlying unexercised unearned options   Option exercise price          ($)   Option expiration date   Number                                           of shares or          units of          stock that have not          vested   Market                                           value of shares or units of stock that have          not vested ($)   Equity      incentive plan awards: number of unearned shares, units or other rights that have not vested   Equity                                           incentive plan          awards: market          or payout value          of unearned shares,          units or other rights that have not vested ($)   
[END TABLE]
 On September 21, 2010, our Board of Directors approved a stock incentive plan for officers, directors, employees, and consultants entitled "China Jo-Jo Drugstores, Inc. 2010 Equity Incentive Plan" (the "Plan"). The maximum number of shares that may be issued under the Plan is 2,025,000 shares of our common stock. The Plan was approved by our shareholders at our annual meeting held on November 2, 2010. On March 23, 2015, the Amendment No. 1 to the Plan to increase the number of shares of the Company's common stock available for issuance thereunder from 2,025,000 share limit to 4,325,000 shares was approved by the stockholders at the annual shareholders meeting. On January 27, 2017, our Board of Directors adopted and approved Amendment No. 2 to the Plan to increase the number of shares of the Company's common stock available for issuance thereunder by 2,850,000 shares to 7,175,000 shares of the Company's common stock. The Amendment No. 2 was approved by the stockholders at the annual meeting on March 23, 2016. On February 9, 2017, our Board of Directors adopted and approved Amendment No. 3 to the Plan to increase the number of shares of the Company's common stock available for issuance thereunder by 2,521,468 shares to 9,696,468 shares of the Company's common stock. The Amendment No. 3 was approved by the stockholders at the annual meeting on March 29, 2017. On February 8, 2018, our Board of Directors adopted and approved Amendment No. 4 to the Plan to increase the number of shares of the Company's common stock available for issuance thereunder by 2,500,000 shares to 12,196,468 shares of the Company's common stock. Under the Plan, the Company may issue common stock and/or options to purchase common stock to our officers, directors, employees and consultants. The Plan is administered either by our Board of Directors or a committee that it designates comprising of at least two (2) "non-employee" directors. The board (or the committee, if one is designated) has full and complete authority, in its discretion, but subject to the express provisions of the Plan, to grant awards, to determine the number of awards to be granted and the time or times at which awards shall be granted; to establish the terms and conditions upon which awards may be exercised; to remove or adjust any restrictions and conditions upon awards; to specify, at the time of grant, provisions relating to exercisability of awards and to accelerate or otherwise modify the exercisability of any awards; and to adopt such rules and regulations and to make all other determinations deemed necessary or desirable for the administration of the Plan. As of March 31, 2018, there were 3,985,836 shares of our common stock remaining available for future issuance under the Plan.
Employment Agreements, Termination of Employment and Change-in-Control Arrangements
Except as described below, we currently have no employment agreements with any of our executive officers, nor any compensatory plans or arrangements resulting from the resignation, retirement or any other termination of any of our executive officers, from a change-in-control, or from a change in any executive officer's responsibilities following a change-in-control.
Agreements with Ming Zhao
We entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Zhao dated as of August 1, 2011, under which Mr. Zhao is serving as our Chief Financial Officer for a term of two years commencing August 1, 2011, for annual compensation of $100,000, payable in monthly installments, as well as a one-time grant of 40,000 shares of our common stock (the "Shares") under our 2010 Equity Incentive Plan. The term of the employment was extended verbally for another two (2) years with an amended annual compensation of $88,000 starting from October 2012. The term of the employment was verbally extended for one (1) year with an amended annual compensation of $88,000 starting October 2015. Mr. Zhao is also entitled to expense reimbursement and to be included as an insured under our directors and officers insurance policy with coverage of $5,000,000. During his employment, Mr. Zhao is subject to certain restrictive covenants, including (i) prohibition against engaging in any work that competes with us and our business and soliciting our customers, potential customers and employees, and (ii) requirement to maintain our confidential information.
Mr. Zhao's employment agreement terminates upon his death or disability. If Mr. Zhao is unable to perform his duties for 60 days during any 12 month period, we may terminate the employment agreement upon 30-day written notice. We may also terminate the employment agreement for cause, upon notice if at any time Mr. Zhao commits (a) fraudulent, unlawful or grossly negligent conduct in connection with his employment duties; (b) willful misconduct; (c) willful and continued failure to perform his duties; (d) any felony or any crime involving moral turpitude; (e) any violation of any of our material policies; or (f) any material breach of any written agreement with us. Mr. Zhao may terminate his employment agreement immediately upon written notice if we breach our agreement with him. Director Compensation
The following table provides compensation information for our directors during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018:
[BEGIN TABLE]
Name   Fiscal Year ended March          31,   Fees                                           Earned or          Paid in Cash ($)     Stock Awards ($)(1)     Option Awards ($)     Non-Equity Incentive          Plan Compensation ($)     Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ($)     All                                           Other Compensation ($)     Total ($)   
Name   Fiscal Year ended March          31,   Fees                                           Earned or          Paid in Cash ($)     Stock Awards ($)(1)     Option Awards ($)     Non-Equity Incentive          Plan Compensation ($)     Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ($)     All                                           Other Compensation ($)     Total ($)   
Name   Fiscal Year ended March          31,   Fees                                           Earned or          Paid in Cash ($)     Stock Awards ($)(1)     Option Awards ($)     Non-Equity Incentive          Plan Compensation ($)     Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ($)     All                                           Other Compensation ($)     Total ($)   
Name   Fiscal Year ended March          31,   Fees                                           Earned or          Paid in Cash ($)     Stock Awards ($)(1)     Option Awards ($)     Non-Equity Incentive          Plan Compensation ($)     Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ($)     All                                           Other Compensation ($)     Total ($)   
[END TABLE]
Agreement with Caroline Wang
As of March 29, 2017, we entered into an agreement with Ms. Wang in the form of a director offer letter pursuant to which we agreed to compensate her $11,896 (RMB80,000) annually for her services. Additionally, she is entitled to be included as an insured under our directors and officers insurance policy. 
Agreement with Taihong Guo
On January 1, 2013, we entered into an agreement with Mr. Guo in the form of a director offer letter, pursuant to which we have agreed to compensate him $6,000 annually for his services, payable in monthly installments on the last day of each month. Additionally, he is entitled to be included as an insured under our directors and officers insurance policy. Taihong Guo resigned from all his positions from the Board and the committees of the Board on September 4, 2018.
Agreement with Genghua Gu 
On December 9, 2013, we entered into an agreement with Dr. Gu in the form of a director offer letter, pursuant to which we have agreed to compensate him $6,000 annually for his services, payable in monthly installments on the last day of each month. Additionally, he is entitled to be included as an insured under our directors and officers insurance policy.
Agreement with Pingfan Wu 
On October 26, 2018, we entered into an agreement with Ms. Wu in the form of a director offer letter, pursuant to which we have agreed to compensate her $8,834 (RMB 60,000) annually for her services. Additionally, she is entitled to be included as an insured under our directors and officers insurance policy. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
The following table sets forth certain information regarding our common stock beneficially owned on January 18, 2019, for (i) each stockholder known to be the beneficial owner of five percent (5%) or more of our outstanding common stock, (ii) each executive officer and director, and (iii) all executive officers and directors as a group. To the best of our knowledge, subject to community and marital property laws, all persons named have sole voting and investment power with respect to such shares, except as otherwise noted. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
Our Officers and Directors' Relationship with Us, Our Subsidiaries and VIE
We operate our pharmacies (including the medical clinics) through the following companies in China that we control through contractual arrangements:
In addition, we operate pharmacies through "Lin'An Jiuzhou", which are directly held by Jiuxin Investments Management Co. Ltd. We also operates nine stores, which are held by Jiuzhou Pharmacy.
We control HJ Group (Jiuzhou Pharmacy, Jiuzhou Clinic and Jiuzhou Service, Lin'An Jiuzhou, as well as the subsidiaries of Jiuzhou Pharmacy) through contractual arrangements between Jiuxin Management, our wholly-owned subsidiary, and each of Jiuzhou Pharmacy, Jiuzhou Medical and Jiuzhou Clinic. HJ Group is owned by Mr. Lei Liu, Ms. Li Qi and Mr. Chong'an Jin (the "Key Personnel"), two (2) of whom also hold positions as our executive officers and/or directors. Because the Key Personnel also collectively own a substantial amount of our issued and outstanding common stock, we believe that our interests are aligned with those of HJ Group and the Key Personnel.
Other Related Party Transactions
The Company leases from Mr. Lei Liu a retail space. The lease will expire in September 2020. The rent for the year ended March 31, 2018 has not been paid to Mr. Liu as of March 31, 2018. OTHER MATTERS
The Board and management do not know of any other matters that will be presented for consideration at the Annual Meeting. If any other matters are properly brought before the Annual Meeting, the persons appointed as proxies will vote on such matters in accordance with their best judgment. Exhibit A
[BEGIN TABLE]
   CHINA          JO-JO DRUGSTORES, INC.   CONTROL      ID:   
   CHINA          JO-JO DRUGSTORES, INC.   CONTROL      ID:   
   CHINA          JO-JO DRUGSTORES, INC.   CONTROL      ID:   
   CHINA          JO-JO DRUGSTORES, INC.   CONTROL      ID:   
PHONE:    Call  toll free 1-866-752-8683 FAX:    Send          this card to 202-521-3464  INTERNET:   https://www.iproxydirect.com/CJJD   and follow the on-screen instructions. EMAIL:   proxy@iproxydirect.com Include your Control ID in your email.  
PHONE:    Call  toll free 1-866-752-8683 FAX:    Send          this card to 202-521-3464  INTERNET:   https://www.iproxydirect.com/CJJD   and follow the on-screen instructions. EMAIL:   proxy@iproxydirect.com Include your Control ID in your email.  
PHONE:    Call  toll free 1-866-752-8683 FAX:    Send          this card to 202-521-3464  INTERNET:   https://www.iproxydirect.com/CJJD   and follow the on-screen instructions. EMAIL:   proxy@iproxydirect.com Include your Control ID in your email.  
PHONE:    Call  toll free 1-866-752-8683 FAX:    Send          this card to 202-521-3464  INTERNET:   https://www.iproxydirect.com/CJJD   and follow the on-screen instructions. EMAIL:   proxy@iproxydirect.com Include your Control ID in your email.  
YOU          MAY ENTER YOUR VOTING INSTRUCTIONS AT HTTPS://WWW.IPROXYDIRECT.COM/CJJD   UNTIL          4:00 PM EASTERN TIME MARCH 11, 2019.   
YOU          MAY ENTER YOUR VOTING INSTRUCTIONS AT HTTPS://WWW.IPROXYDIRECT.COM/CJJD   UNTIL          4:00 PM EASTERN TIME MARCH 11, 2019.   
YOU          MAY ENTER YOUR VOTING INSTRUCTIONS AT HTTPS://WWW.IPROXYDIRECT.COM/CJJD   UNTIL          4:00 PM EASTERN TIME MARCH 11, 2019.   
 1.            TO ELECT FIVE DIRECTORS TO SERVE UNTIL THE NEXT ANNUAL MEETING OR UNTIL THEIR SUCCESSORS ARE DULY ELECTED AND QUALIFIED;             2.            TO RATIFY THE APPOINTMENT OF BDO CHINA SHU LUN PAN CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS LLP AS THE COMPANY'S INDEPENDENT REGISTERED          PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDING MARCH 31, 2019; AND    3.     TO TRANSACT SUCH OTHER BUSINESS AS MAY PROPERLY COME BEFORE THE ANNUAL MEETING OR ANY ADJOURNMENT THEREOF.           
 1.            TO ELECT FIVE DIRECTORS TO SERVE UNTIL THE NEXT ANNUAL MEETING OR UNTIL THEIR SUCCESSORS ARE DULY ELECTED AND QUALIFIED;             2.            TO RATIFY THE APPOINTMENT OF BDO CHINA SHU LUN PAN CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS LLP AS THE COMPANY'S INDEPENDENT REGISTERED          PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDING MARCH 31, 2019; AND    3.     TO TRANSACT SUCH OTHER BUSINESS AS MAY PROPERLY COME BEFORE THE ANNUAL MEETING OR ANY ADJOURNMENT THEREOF.           
 1.            TO ELECT FIVE DIRECTORS TO SERVE UNTIL THE NEXT ANNUAL MEETING OR UNTIL THEIR SUCCESSORS ARE DULY ELECTED AND QUALIFIED;             2.            TO RATIFY THE APPOINTMENT OF BDO CHINA SHU LUN PAN CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS LLP AS THE COMPANY'S INDEPENDENT REGISTERED          PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDING MARCH 31, 2019; AND    3.     TO TRANSACT SUCH OTHER BUSINESS AS MAY PROPERLY COME BEFORE THE ANNUAL MEETING OR ANY ADJOURNMENT THEREOF.           
 1.            TO ELECT FIVE DIRECTORS TO SERVE UNTIL THE NEXT ANNUAL MEETING OR UNTIL THEIR SUCCESSORS ARE DULY ELECTED AND QUALIFIED;             2.            TO RATIFY THE APPOINTMENT OF BDO CHINA SHU LUN PAN CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS LLP AS THE COMPANY'S INDEPENDENT REGISTERED          PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDING MARCH 31, 2019; AND    3.     TO TRANSACT SUCH OTHER BUSINESS AS MAY PROPERLY COME BEFORE THE ANNUAL MEETING OR ANY ADJOURNMENT THEREOF.           
  Pursuant          to Securities and Exchange Commission rules, you are receiving this Notice that the proxy materials for the Annual Meeting          are available on the Internet. Follow the instructions above to view the materials and vote or request printed copies.    The          board of directors has fixed the close of business on January 18, 2019 as the record date for the determination of stockholders          entitled to receive notice of the Annual Meeting and to vote the shares of our common stock, par value $.001 per share,          they held on that date at the meeting or any postponement or adjournment of the meeting.   
  Pursuant          to Securities and Exchange Commission rules, you are receiving this Notice that the proxy materials for the Annual Meeting          are available on the Internet. Follow the instructions above to view the materials and vote or request printed copies.    The          board of directors has fixed the close of business on January 18, 2019 as the record date for the determination of stockholders          entitled to receive notice of the Annual Meeting and to vote the shares of our common stock, par value $.001 per share,          they held on that date at the meeting or any postponement or adjournment of the meeting.   
  Pursuant          to Securities and Exchange Commission rules, you are receiving this Notice that the proxy materials for the Annual Meeting          are available on the Internet. Follow the instructions above to view the materials and vote or request printed copies.    The          board of directors has fixed the close of business on January 18, 2019 as the record date for the determination of stockholders          entitled to receive notice of the Annual Meeting and to vote the shares of our common stock, par value $.001 per share,          they held on that date at the meeting or any postponement or adjournment of the meeting.   
  Pursuant          to Securities and Exchange Commission rules, you are receiving this Notice that the proxy materials for the Annual Meeting          are available on the Internet. Follow the instructions above to view the materials and vote or request printed copies.    The          board of directors has fixed the close of business on January 18, 2019 as the record date for the determination of stockholders          entitled to receive notice of the Annual Meeting and to vote the shares of our common stock, par value $.001 per share,          they held on that date at the meeting or any postponement or adjournment of the meeting.   
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
CHINA          JO-JO DRUGSTORES, INC. SHAREHOLDER          SERVICES 500          Perimeter Park Drive Suite D Morrisville          NC 27560 FIRST-CLASS          MAIL US          POSTAGE PAID CARY          NC PERMIT          # 869 
CHINA          JO-JO DRUGSTORES, INC. SHAREHOLDER          SERVICES 500          Perimeter Park Drive Suite D Morrisville          NC 27560 FIRST-CLASS          MAIL US          POSTAGE PAID CARY          NC PERMIT          # 869 
CHINA          JO-JO DRUGSTORES, INC. SHAREHOLDER          SERVICES 500          Perimeter Park Drive Suite D Morrisville          NC 27560 FIRST-CLASS          MAIL US          POSTAGE PAID CARY          NC PERMIT          # 869 
CHINA          JO-JO DRUGSTORES, INC. SHAREHOLDER          SERVICES 500          Perimeter Park Drive Suite D Morrisville          NC 27560 FIRST-CLASS          MAIL US          POSTAGE PAID CARY          NC PERMIT          # 869 
CHINA          JO-JO DRUGSTORES, INC. SHAREHOLDER          SERVICES 500          Perimeter Park Drive Suite D Morrisville          NC 27560 FIRST-CLASS          MAIL US          POSTAGE PAID CARY          NC PERMIT          # 869 
[END TABLE]
Time Sensitive shareholder information enclosed
IMPORTANT SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
your vote is important
Exhibit B
[BEGIN TABLE]
CHINA          JO-JO DRUGSTORES, INC.   THIS          PROXY IS SOLICITED ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS   annual          meeting OF STOCKHOLDERS – March 11, 2019 at 9 pm et  (March          12, 2019 at 9 am beijing time)                                                                      
CHINA          JO-JO DRUGSTORES, INC.   THIS          PROXY IS SOLICITED ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS   annual          meeting OF STOCKHOLDERS – March 11, 2019 at 9 pm et  (March          12, 2019 at 9 am beijing time)                                                                      
CHINA          JO-JO DRUGSTORES, INC.   THIS          PROXY IS SOLICITED ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS   annual          meeting OF STOCKHOLDERS – March 11, 2019 at 9 pm et  (March          12, 2019 at 9 am beijing time)                                                                      
CHINA          JO-JO DRUGSTORES, INC.   THIS          PROXY IS SOLICITED ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS   annual          meeting OF STOCKHOLDERS – March 11, 2019 at 9 pm et  (March          12, 2019 at 9 am beijing time)                                                                      
CHINA          JO-JO DRUGSTORES, INC.   THIS          PROXY IS SOLICITED ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS   annual          meeting OF STOCKHOLDERS – March 11, 2019 at 9 pm et  (March          12, 2019 at 9 am beijing time)                                                                      
CHINA          JO-JO DRUGSTORES, INC.   THIS          PROXY IS SOLICITED ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS   annual          meeting OF STOCKHOLDERS – March 11, 2019 at 9 pm et  (March          12, 2019 at 9 am beijing time)                                                                      
CHINA          JO-JO DRUGSTORES, INC.   THIS          PROXY IS SOLICITED ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS   annual          meeting OF STOCKHOLDERS – March 11, 2019 at 9 pm et  (March          12, 2019 at 9 am beijing time)                                                                      
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
Proposal 1  -      The Board of Directors recommends you vote FOR the following: ® FOR       ALL   AGAINST ALL   FOR          ALL  EXCEPT       
Proposal 1  -      The Board of Directors recommends you vote FOR the following: ® FOR       ALL   AGAINST ALL   FOR          ALL  EXCEPT       
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
  MARK          HERE FOR ADDRESS CHANGE ☐  New Address (if applicable): ____________________________           ____________________________           ____________________________   IMPORTANT:          Please sign exactly as your name or names appear on this Proxy. When shares are held jointly, each holder should sign.          When signing as executor, administrator, attorney, trustee or guardian, please give full title as such. If the signer          is a corporation, please sign full corporate name by duly authorized officer, giving full title as such. If signer is          a partnership, please sign in partnership name by authorized person.   Dated:          ________________________, 2019 
  MARK          HERE FOR ADDRESS CHANGE ☐  New Address (if applicable): ____________________________           ____________________________           ____________________________   IMPORTANT:          Please sign exactly as your name or names appear on this Proxy. When shares are held jointly, each holder should sign.          When signing as executor, administrator, attorney, trustee or guardian, please give full title as such. If the signer          is a corporation, please sign full corporate name by duly authorized officer, giving full title as such. If signer is          a partnership, please sign in partnership name by authorized person.   Dated:          ________________________, 2019 
  MARK          HERE FOR ADDRESS CHANGE ☐  New Address (if applicable): ____________________________           ____________________________           ____________________________   IMPORTANT:          Please sign exactly as your name or names appear on this Proxy. When shares are held jointly, each holder should sign.          When signing as executor, administrator, attorney, trustee or guardian, please give full title as such. If the signer          is a corporation, please sign full corporate name by duly authorized officer, giving full title as such. If signer is          a partnership, please sign in partnership name by authorized person.   Dated:          ________________________, 2019 
  MARK          HERE FOR ADDRESS CHANGE ☐  New Address (if applicable): ____________________________           ____________________________           ____________________________   IMPORTANT:          Please sign exactly as your name or names appear on this Proxy. When shares are held jointly, each holder should sign.          When signing as executor, administrator, attorney, trustee or guardian, please give full title as such. If the signer          is a corporation, please sign full corporate name by duly authorized officer, giving full title as such. If signer is          a partnership, please sign in partnership name by authorized person.   Dated:          ________________________, 2019 
  MARK          HERE FOR ADDRESS CHANGE ☐  New Address (if applicable): ____________________________           ____________________________           ____________________________   IMPORTANT:          Please sign exactly as your name or names appear on this Proxy. When shares are held jointly, each holder should sign.          When signing as executor, administrator, attorney, trustee or guardian, please give full title as such. If the signer          is a corporation, please sign full corporate name by duly authorized officer, giving full title as such. If signer is          a partnership, please sign in partnership name by authorized person.   Dated:          ________________________, 2019 
  MARK          HERE FOR ADDRESS CHANGE ☐  New Address (if applicable): ____________________________           ____________________________           ____________________________   IMPORTANT:          Please sign exactly as your name or names appear on this Proxy. When shares are held jointly, each holder should sign.          When signing as executor, administrator, attorney, trustee or guardian, please give full title as such. If the signer          is a corporation, please sign full corporate name by duly authorized officer, giving full title as such. If signer is          a partnership, please sign in partnership name by authorized person.   Dated:          ________________________, 2019 
[END TABLE]
