 
UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
SCHEDULE 14A
Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No.         )
Check the appropriate box:
Celsion Corporation
(Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)
N/A
(Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if Other Than the Registrant)
Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box):
CELSION CORPORATION
997 LENOX DRIVE, SUITE 100
LAWRENCEVILLE, NJ 08648
NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
TO BE HELD TUESDAY MAY 14, 2019
To Our Stockholders:
Notice is hereby given that the annual meeting (the "Annual Meeting") of the stockholders of Celsion Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), will be held at 10:00 a.m., local time, on Tuesday, May 14, 2019 at the Chauncey Hotel & Conference Center, 1 Chauncey Road, Princeton, NJ 08541 for the following purposes, all as more fully described in the accompanying Proxy Statement:
The close of business on March 19, 2019 has been fixed as the record date for the determination of stockholders of the Company entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the Annual Meeting. Only stockholders of record at the close of business on March 19, 2019 are entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the Annual Meeting and any adjournment or postponement thereof.
All stockholders are cordially invited to attend the Annual Meeting. However, whether or not you expect to attend in person, please complete, sign, date and return the enclosed Proxy Card as promptly as possible in the envelope provided for that purpose. Returning your Proxy Card will ensure your representation and help to ensure the presence of a quorum at the Annual Meeting. Your proxy is revocable, as set forth in the accompanying Proxy Statement. Therefore, you may attend the Annual Meeting and vote your shares in person even if you send in your Proxy Card.
[BEGIN TABLE]
    Jeffrey                                           W. Church Corporate          Secretary 
    Jeffrey                                           W. Church Corporate          Secretary 
[END TABLE]
March 29, 2019
Lawrenceville, NJ
YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT
THIS PROXY STATEMENT IS FURNISHED IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOLICITATION OF PROXIES BY THE COMPANY, ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS, FOR THE 2019 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS. THE PROXY STATEMENT AND THE RELATED PROXY FORM ARE BEING DISTRIBUTED ON OR ABOUT APRIL 2, 2019. YOU CAN VOTE YOUR SHARES USING ONE OF THE FOLLOWING METHODS:
ALL STOCKHOLDERS ARE CORDIALLY INVITED TO ATTEND THE MEETING. HOWEVER, TO ENSURE YOUR REPRESENTATION AT THE MEETING, YOU ARE URGED TO COMPLETE, SIGN, DATE AND RETURN THE ACCOMPANYING PROXY CARD AS PROMPTLY AS POSSIBLE IN THE POSTAGE-PREPAID ENVELOPE ENCLOSED FOR THAT PURPOSE OR SUBMIT YOUR VOTE VIA THE INTERNET AT WWW.PROXYVOTE.COM OR VOTE BY PHONE BY CALLING THE NUMBER PRINTED ON THE ACCOMPANYING VOTING DOCUMENT. ANY STOCKHOLDER ATTENDING THE MEETING MAY VOTE IN PERSON EVEN IF HE OR SHE HAS RETURNED A PROXY CARD.
IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS FOR THE STOCKHOLDER MEETING TO BE HELD ON TUESDAY, MAY 14, 2019. THE PROXY STATEMENT AND OUR 2018 ANNUAL REPORT TO SECURITY HOLDERS ON SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION FORM 10-K ARE AVAILABLE AT WWW.PROXYVOTE.COM.
WHETHER OR NOT YOU INTEND TO ATTEND THE ANNUAL MEETING, PLEASE COMPLETE, SIGN, DATE AND RETURN THE ACCOMPANYING PROXY CARD IN THE ENCLOSED PRE-ADDRESSED AND POSTAGE-PAID ENVELOPE OR SUBMIT YOUR VOTE VIA THE INTERNET AT WWW.PROXYVOTE.COM OR BY CALLING THE NUMBER PRINTED ON THE ACCOMPANYING VOTING DOCUMENT.
CELSION CORPORATION
PROXY STATEMENT
TABLE OF CONTENTS
CELSION CORPORATION
PROXY STATEMENT
INFORMATION CONCERNING SOLICITATION AND VOTING
This Proxy Statement is being furnished in connection with the solicitation of proxies by the Board of Directors of Celsion Corporation, a Delaware corporation (sometimes referred to in this Proxy Statement as the "Company", "Celsion", "we" or "us"), for exercise in voting at the Company's 2019 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on Tuesday, May 14, 2019 (the "Annual Meeting") for the purposes set forth in the accompanying Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders. We are first sending this Proxy Statement, accompanying Proxy Card, Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Annual Report on Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018 (our "2018 Annual Report on Form 10-K") to our stockholders on or about April 2, 2019.
Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Stockholder Meeting To Be Held on Tuesday, May 14, 2019. The Proxy Statement and our 2018 Annual Report on Form 10-K are available at www.proxyvote.com or you may request a printed or electronic set of the proxy materials at no charge. Instructions on how to access the proxy materials over the Internet and how to request a printed copy may be found on the Notice. In addition, any stockholder may request to receive proxy materials in printed form by mail or electronically by email on an ongoing basis. Choosing to receive future proxy materials by email will save us the cost of printing and mailing documents to stockholders and will reduce the impact on our environment. A stockholder who chooses to receive future proxy materials by email will receive an email prior to next year's Annual Meeting with instructions containing a link to those materials and a link to the proxy voting website. A stockholder's election to receive proxy materials by email will remain in effect until such election is terminated by the stockholder.
Celsion is a fully-integrated development stage oncology drug company focused on advancing a portfolio of innovative cancer treatments, including directed chemotherapies, DNA-mediated immunotherapy and RNA based therapies. Our lead product candidate is ThermoDox®, a proprietary heat-activated liposomal encapsulation of doxorubicin, currently in a Phase III clinical trial for the treatment of primary liver cancer (the "OPTIMA Study"). Second in our pipeline is GEN-1, a DNA-mediated immunotherapy for the localized treatment of ovarian cancer. We have two platform technologies providing the basis for the future development of a range of therapeutics for difficult-to-treat forms of cancer including: Lysolipid Thermally Sensitive Liposomes, a heat sensitive liposomal based dosage form that targets disease with known therapeutics in the presence of mild heat and TheraPlas, a novel nucleic acid-based treatment for local transfection of therapeutic plasmids. With these technologies we are working to develop and commercialize more efficient, effective and targeted oncology therapies that maximize efficacy while minimizing side-effects common to cancer treatments.
Our executive offices are located at 997 Lenox Drive, Suite 100, Lawrenceville, NJ 08648 and our telephone number is (609) 896-9100.
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ANNUAL MEETING
Date, Time and Place of the Annual Meeting
Our 2019 Annual Meeting will be held at 10:00 a.m., local time, on Tuesday, May 14, 2019 at the Chauncey Hotel & Conference Center, 1 Chauncey Rd, Princeton, NJ 08541.
Who May Attend the Annual Meeting?
Only stockholders who own our common stock, par value $0.01 per share, as of the close of business on March 19, 2019, the record date for the Annual Meeting (the "Record Date"), will be entitled to attend the Annual Meeting. At the discretion of management, we may permit certain individuals to attend the Annual Meeting, including the media, professional service providers and our employees.
Who May Vote?
Each share of our common stock outstanding on the Record Date entitles the holder thereof to one vote on each matter submitted to the stockholders at the Annual Meeting. Only stockholders who own common stock as of the close of business on the Record Date are entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the Annual Meeting. As of the Record Date, there were 19,562,020 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding.
How to Vote
If you were a holder of our common stock as of the Record Date, you are entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting, and we encourage you to attend and vote in person.
HOWEVER, WHETHER OR NOT YOU INTEND TO ATTEND THE ANNUAL MEETING, THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS REQUESTS THAT YOU COMPLETE, SIGN, DATE AND RETURN THE ACCOMPANYING PROXY CARD IN ORDER TO ENSURE THE PRESENCE OF A QUORUM.
A pre-addressed and postage-paid return envelope is enclosed for your convenience. Alternatively, you may cast your vote via the internet at www.proxyvote.com or by phone by calling the number printed on the accompanying voting document.
If your shares are held in the name of a bank, broker, or other holder of record, you will receive instructions from the holder of record that you must follow in order for your shares to be voted. If your shares are not registered in your own name and you plan to vote your shares in person at the Annual Meeting, you should contact your broker or agent to obtain a proxy and bring it to the Annual Meeting in order to vote.
Voting by Proxy
If you vote by proxy, the individuals named on the proxy, or their substitutes, will vote your shares in the manner you indicate. If a beneficial owner who holds shares in street name does not provide specific voting instructions to their brokerage firm, bank, broker dealer or other nominee, under the rules of certain securities exchanges, including NASDAQ Marketplace Rules, the brokerage firm, bank, broker dealer or other nominee holding those shares may generally vote as the nominee determines in its discretion on behalf of the beneficial owner on routine matters but cannot vote on non-routine matters, the latter of which results in "broker non-votes." Proposal 3 involves a matter we believe to be routine. Accordingly, if you do not give instructions to your broker, the broker may vote your shares in its discretion on Proposal 3 and therefore no broker non-votes are expected in connection with Proposal 3. Proposals 1, 2 and 4 involve matters we consider non-routine under the applicable rules. If you do not give your broker specific instructions, the broker will not vote your shares on Proposals 1, 2 and 4 and your shares will constitute broker non-votes. If you date, sign, and return the proxy card without indicating your instructions, your shares will be voted as follows:
You may revoke or change your proxy at any time before it is exercised by delivering to us a signed proxy with a date later than your previously delivered proxy, by voting in person at the Annual Meeting, or by sending a written revocation of your proxy addressed to our Corporate Secretary at our principal executive office. Your latest dated proxy card is the one that will be counted.
Quorum Requirement
A quorum is necessary to hold a valid meeting. The presence, in person or by proxy, of holders of our common stock entitled to cast a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast at the Annual Meeting constitutes a quorum for the transaction of business. Abstentions and broker non-votes are counted as present for purposes of establishing a quorum. A "broker non-vote" occurs when a broker, bank or other holder of record holding shares for a beneficial owner properly executes and returns a proxy without voting on a particular proposal because such holder of record does not have discretionary voting power for that particular item and has not received instructions from the beneficial owner.
Voting Requirements
Proposal No. 1. The election of the Class III Directors at the Annual Meeting will be by a plurality of the votes cast. This means that the three director nominees receiving the greatest number of votes cast, in person or by proxy, by the holders of our common stock in the election of the Class III Directors, will be elected. Stockholders may not cumulate their votes in electing directors. Stockholders entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting may either vote "FOR" the nominees for election as a director or may "WITHHOLD" authority for the nominees. Shares represented by executed proxies will be voted, if authority to do so is not withheld, for the election of the nominees named below in Proposal No. 1. If a stockholder withholds authority to vote with respect to the nominees for director, the shares held by that stockholder will be counted for purposes of establishing a quorum but will have no effect on the election of the nominees. Broker non-votes will have no effect on the election of the nominee.
Proposal No. 2. Stockholders may vote "FOR" or "AGAINST" or may "ABSTAIN" on Proposal No. 2 to approve, by a non-binding advisory vote, the 2019 executive compensation for the Company's executive officers. The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of our Common Stock present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote on the proposal will be required to ratify the 2019 executive compensation for the Company's executive officers. Abstentions will have the same effect as a vote against Proposal No. 2, but broker non-votes will have no effect on Proposal No. 2;
Proposal No. 3. Stockholders may vote for "EVERY YEAR," "EVERY TWO YEARS," "EVERY THREE YEARS" or "ABSTAIN" on Proposal No. 3 to approve, by a non-binding advisory vote, the frequency by which future advisory votes on executive compensation will occur. Generally, approval of any matter presented to stockholders is determined by a majority of the votes cast affirmatively or negatively on the matter, assuming a quorum is present. However, given that Proposal No. 3 is advisory and non-binding, if none of the frequency options receive a majority of the votes cast, the option receiving the greatest number of votes will be considered the frequency recommended by the stockholders. In such instance, while none of the three alternatives will have been approved, stockholders will still have the ability to communicate their preference with respect to this vote. Abstentions and broker non-votes will have no effect on Proposal No. 3;
Proposal No. 4. Stockholders may vote "FOR" or "AGAINST" or may "ABSTAIN" on Proposal No. 4 regarding the ratification of the selection of WithumSmith + Brown PC ("Withum") as the Company's independent registered public accounting firm for the year ending December 31, 2019. The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of our common stock present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote on the proposal will be required to ratify the selection of Withum. Abstentions will have the same effect as a vote against Proposal No. 4.
Proposal No. 5. Stockholders may vote "FOR" or "AGAINST" or may "ABSTAIN" on Proposal No. 5, to approve an Amendment to the Celsion Corporation 2018 Stock Incentive Plan. The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of our common stock present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote on the proposal will be required to approve the Amendment. Abstentions will have the same effect as a vote against Proposal No. 5. Broker non-votes will have no effect on Proposal No. 5.
Other Matters
Our Board of Directors knows of no other matters that may be presented for stockholder action at the Annual Meeting. It is not anticipated that other matters will be brought before the Annual Meeting. If other matters do properly come before the Annual Meeting, or any adjournments or postponements thereof, however, persons named as proxies will vote upon them in their discretion.
Information about the Proxy Statement and the Solicitation of Proxies
The enclosed proxy is solicited by our Board of Directors and we will bear the costs of preparing, assembling, printing and mailing this Proxy Statement, accompanying Proxy Card, Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders and the Company's 2018 Annual Report on Form 10-K, as well as any additional materials that we may furnish to stockholders in connection with the Annual Meeting. Copies of our solicitation materials will be furnished to brokerage houses, fiduciaries and custodians to forward to beneficial owners of stock held in the names of such nominees. We will, upon request, reimburse those parties for their reasonable expenses in forwarding proxy materials to the beneficial owners.
The solicitation of proxies may be by mail and direct communication with certain stockholders or their representatives by our officers, directors and employees, who will receive no additional compensation therefor.
Annual Report
Our 2018 Annual Report on Form 10-K is being mailed to stockholders together with this Proxy Statement and contains financial and other information about Celsion, including audited financial statements for our fiscal year ended December 31, 2018. A copy of our 2018 Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed with the SEC, but excluding exhibits, is available on our website and additional copies may be obtained without charge, upon written request directed to the Corporate Secretary, Celsion Corporation, 997 Lenox Drive, Suite 100, Lawrenceville, New Jersey 08648.
Householding of Annual Meeting Materials
Some banks, brokers and other nominee record holders may be participating in the practice of "householding" proxy statements and annual reports. This means that only one copy of our Proxy Statement or 2018 Annual Report on Form 10-K may have been sent to multiple stockholders in your household. The Company will promptly deliver a separate copy of either document to you if you write or call the Company at the following address or telephone number:
Celsion Corporation
997 Lenox Drive, Suite 100
Lawrenceville, New Jersey 08648
Attention: Corporate Secretary
(609) 896-9100
If you would like to receive separate copies of the Company's 2018 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the Proxy Statement in the future, or if you are receiving multiple copies and would like to receive only one copy for your household, you should contact your bank, broker, or other nominee record holder, or you may contact the Company at the address and telephone number set forth above.
PLEASE COMPLETE, SIGN, DATE AND RETURN THE ACCOMPANYING WHITE PROXY CARD IN THE ENCLOSED PRE-ADDRESSED AND POSTAGE-PAID ENVELOPE AS PROMPTLY AS POSSIBLE OR SUBMIT YOUR VOTE VIA THE INTERNET AT WWW.PROXYVOTE.COM OR BY CALLING THE NUMBER PRINTED ON THE ACCOMPANYING VOTING DOCUMENT.
BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF COMMON STOCK
The following table sets forth certain information known to the Company regarding the beneficial ownership of the Company's common stock as of March 28, 2019 by:
We determine beneficial ownership in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). Under SEC rules, beneficial ownership for purposes of this table takes into account shares as to which the individual has voting or investment power as well as shares that may be acquired within 60 days. Shares of common stock subject to options that are currently exercisable or that become exercisable within 60 days of March 28, 2019 are treated as outstanding and beneficially owned by the holder of such options. However, these shares are not treated as outstanding for purposes of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. Unless otherwise indicated or as to the interests of spouses, the persons included in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares beneficially owned thereby.
NUMBER OF SHARES OF COMMON STOCK BENEFICIALLY OWNED
SECTION 16(a) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING COMPLIANCE
Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), requires the Company's executive officers and directors and persons who beneficially own more than 10% of a registered class of our equity securities to file reports with the SEC regarding ownership and changes in ownership of such equity securities. Executive officers, directors and greater than 10% stockholders are required by SEC regulations to furnish to us copies of all reports that they file pursuant to Section 16(a). Based solely on our review of the copies of such forms furnished to us with respect to our fiscal year ended December 31, 2018, and on our discussions with directors and executive officers, we believe that, during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018, all applicable Section 16(a) filing requirements were timely met.
CODE OF ETHICS AND BUSINESS ETHICS
The Company has adopted a Code of Ethics and Business Conduct (the "Code of Ethics") applicable to its directors, officers, including the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and other officers performing similar functions, and employees. This Code of Ethics constitutes a code of ethics applicable to senior financial officers within the meaning of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and SEC rules. A copy of the Code of Ethics is available on the Company's website at http://www.celsion.com and any stockholder may obtain a copy by making a written request to the Company's Corporate Secretary, 997 Lenox Drive, Suite 100, Lawrenceville, NJ 08648. In the event of any amendments to or waivers of the terms of the Code of Ethics, such matters will be posted promptly to the Company's website in lieu of disclosure on Form 8-K in accordance with Item 5.05(c) of Form 8-K.
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
The Code of Ethics requires all of the Company's directors, officers and employees to give their complete loyalty to the best interests of the Company and to avoid any action that may involve, or that even may appear to involve, a conflict of interest with the Company. The Code of Ethics also requires any of the Company's directors, officers or employees who become aware of a conflict or potential conflict to bring it to the attention of a supervisor, manager or other appropriate personnel or consult the compliance procedures provided in the Code of Ethics. The Board of Directors reviews and approves or ratifies all relationships and transactions between us and (i) any of our directors or executive officers, (ii) any nominee for election as a director, (iii) any security holder who is known to us to own beneficially or of record more than five percent of our common stock or (iv) any member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing.
PROPOSAL NO. 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
GENERAL
The Company's Certificate of Incorporation provides that the number of directors that constitutes the Board of Directors is to be fixed by, or in the manner provided in, our Bylaws, as amended (the "Bylaws"). The Certificate of Incorporation also provides that the Board of Directors is to be divided into three classes, designated as Class I, Class II and Class III, and it is the Company's practice to have such classes as even in size as possible. The Company's Bylaws provide that the Board of Directors is to consist of between three and nine directors, with the exact number to be fixed by action of the Board of Directors. The current number of directors has been fixed by the Board of Directors at seven. Currently, no Board seats remain vacant and the Company's Board of Directors consists of seven directors, six of which are independent under applicable SEC and NASDAQ rules.
The Board of Directors have nominated Mr. Michael H. Tardugno, Dr. Donald P. Braun and Dr. Andreas Voss to stand for re-election to the Board of Directors as Class III Directors, with terms expiring at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held in 2022 or with the election and qualification of their respective successors. The proxies named in the Proxy Card provided with this Proxy Statement intend to vote "FOR" the election of Mr. Michael H. Tardugno, Dr. Donald P. Braun and Dr. Andreas Voss unless otherwise instructed. If you do not wish your shares to be voted for Mr. Michael H. Tardugno, Dr. Donald P. Braun and Dr. Andreas Voss, you must so indicate by marking the "WITHHOLD" authority box on the Proxy Card next to Mr. Michael H. Tardugno, Dr. Donald P. Braun and Dr. Andreas Voss in which event your shares will not be voted for Mr. Michael H. Tardugno, Dr. Donald P. Braun and Dr. Andreas Voss. In the event that Mr. Michael H. Tardugno, Dr. Donald P. Braun and Dr. Andreas Voss become unavailable for election as a result of an unexpected occurrence, the designated proxies will vote in their discretion for a substitute nominee, or the Board may reduce the number of directors serving on the Board.
Class III Director Nominees (If elected, term expires in 2022)
Mr. Michael H. Tardugno. Mr. Tardugno was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company on January 3, 2007 and was elected to the Board of Directors on January 22, 2007. In October of 2014, Mr. Tardugno was appointed by the Board of Directors as the Chairman. Prior to joining the Company and for the period from February 2005 to December 2006, Mr. Tardugno served as Senior Vice President and General Manager of Mylan Technologies, Inc., a subsidiary of Mylan Inc. From 1998 to 2005, Mr. Tardugno was Executive Vice President of Songbird Hearing, Inc., a medical device company spun out of Sarnoff Corporation. From 1996 to 1998, he was Senior Vice President of Technical Operations worldwide for a division of Bristol-Myers Squibb, and from 1977 to 1995, he held increasingly senior executive positions including Senior Vice-President of World-wide Technology Development with Bausch & Lomb and Abbott Laboratories. Mr. Tardugno holds a B.S. degree from St. Bonaventure University and completed the Harvard Business School Program for Management Development.
Dr. Donald P. Braun. Dr. Braun brings over 30 years of research expertise in oncology, with a focus on immunotherapy and the effectiveness and impact of chemotherapy protocols on various cancers and tumor types and served from 2006 to 2014 as Vice President Clinical Research and since 2014 as Vice President Translational Research and Chief Science Officer at the Cancer Treatment Centers of America. Prior to his current role, he was the Scientific Director of the Cancer Center and Professor of Medicine and Immunology at Rush Medical College in Chicago from 1978 to 1999, and the Administrative Director of the Cancer Institute and a Professor of Surgery with tenure at the Medical College of Ohio from 1999 to 2006, Dr. Braun has been appointed to and served on more than a dozen federal government and public advisory committees on oncology and immunology. He received his Ph.D. in Immunology and Microbiology from the University of Illinois at the Medical Center in Chicago.
Dr. Andreas Voss. Dr. Voss served as Vice President of Clinical Affairs in Europe at Caris Life Sciences, a biotechnology company focused on implementing personalized medicine in oncology through its liquid biopsy technology until the end of 2018. Prior to joining Caris in 2010, he was responsible for the global clinical development of Avastin® and a member of the Corporate Drug Safety Board at F. Hoffmann-La Roche from 2006 to 2010. Before joining Roche in 2006, he was Medical Director for the Lung Cancer Disease Area at AstraZeneca, and from 2000 to 2003, he was the Medical Director for Anti-infectives and Oncology at Bayer GmbH. From 1996 to 2000, Dr. Voss was Head of Medical Research, Oncology at Asta Medica AG. Dr. Voss received his M.D. from the University of Hamburg Medical School and was a postdoctoral fellow at the University of California at San Diego. He is board certified in internal medicine.
The Board of Directors concluded that each of Mr. Michael H. Tardugno, Dr. Donald P. Braun and Dr. Andreas Voss has the requisite experience, qualifications, attributes and skill necessary to serve as a member of the Board of Directors based on their respective leadership attributes, management experience in the pharmaceutical industry and professional and educational background.
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS A VOTE "FOR"
THE ELECTION OF ALL NOMINEES NAMED ABOVE.
DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Set forth below is certain information regarding the Company's current directors, as well as the Company's non-director executive officers.
Continuing Class I Directors (Term Expires in 2020)
Dr. Augustine Chow. Dr. Augustine Chow was appointed to the Board of Directors in March 2007. Dr. Chow is the chairman of Harmony Asset Management Limited in Hong Kong, serving in such capacity since 2015. He also serves as a director of Medifocus Inc. (TSX Venture: MFS). From 1996 to 2015, Dr. Chow was the Chief Executive Officer of Harmony Asset Limited, a Hong Kong listed investment company, and from 2008 to 2016 he served as executive Director of Kaisun Energy Group Limited. From 1990 to 1998, Dr. Chow was the Chief Executive Officer of Allied Group of Companies based in Hong Kong which include several publicly listed companies spanning across various industries. Prior to this, Dr. Chow held a senior position with Brunswick Corporation and Outboard Marine Corporation and was responsible for all business activities in South East Asia and China. Dr. Chow has extensive experience in managing publicly listed companies that are involved in manufacturing, marketing and financial services and specializes in mergers and acquisitions. Dr. Chow's qualifications include a number of Bachelors, Masters and Doctoral degrees. Among them include a MSc from London Business School and Ph.D. in Biology from City University of Hong Kong.
Mr. Frederick J. Fritz. Mr. Fritz was appointed to the Board of Directors in July 2011. Mr. Fritz has served as CEO & Founder of NeuroDx, a development stage diagnostic device company focused on the neurosurgery market, since 2006. Mr. Fritz joined NeuroDx from Valeo Medical, a biotech company he founded in 2003 to develop the world's first non-invasive diagnostic test for endometriosis. Prior to that, Mr. Fritz was President and CEO of Songbird Hearing, a medical device company spun out of Sarnoff Corporation. Mr. Fritz began his career in marketing management and new product development. He joined Schering Plough's Wesley Jessen in 1985 as VP Marketing and Sales in 1986. He was promoted to general manager of Schering's Over the Counter pharmaceutical business in 1988 and of the podiatric products business in 1990. He was President of Coleman North America from 1995to 1997. Mr. Fritz holds a Bachelor's degree in engineering (summa cum laude) from University of Illinois and an MBA degree from Harvard University.
Continuing Class II Directors (Term Expires in 2021)
Mr. Robert W. Hooper. Mr. Hooper has served as a member of the Board of Directors since July 2010. He is currently President of Crows Nest Ventures, Inc. a privately held company, which provides advisory and consulting services to the healthcare industry. From 1997 to 2001, Mr. Hooper served as President North America for IMS Health Incorporated, a healthcare information and market research company listed on The New York Stock Exchange. From 1993 to 1997, he served as President of Abbott Laboratories Canada. From 1989 to 1993, he served as Managing Director, Australia/Asia for Abbott Laboratories. Prior to that, he held increasingly senior positions at E.R. Squibb and Sterling Winthrop Labs. Mr. Hooper holds a B.A degree in Biology from Wilkes University.
Dr. Alberto R. Martinez. Dr. Martinez has served as a member of the Board of Directors since December 2010. He is currently a consultant to the healthcare industry since 2008. From 2007 to 2008, Dr. Martinez served as the President and Chief Operating Officer of Talecris Biotherapeutics, Inc., a publicly traded life science company. Prior to that, Dr. Martinez served as Talecris' President and Chief Executive Officer from October 2005 until June 2007. Prior to that, he held increasingly senior positions as Executive Vice President of Worldwide Commercial Operations at ZLB Behring (subsequently renamed CSL Behring). Prior to ZLB Behring, Dr. Martinez served in various international positions at Sandoz Pharmaceuticals (currently the generic pharmaceuticals division of Novartis) in Brazil, Switzerland, Spain and the U.S. for eighteen years. Dr. Martinez completed his undergraduate and graduate studies at the University of Sao Paulo and received his medical degree from the University of Sao Paulo in 1973. After completing his residency in Pediatrics in 1975, he studied Business and Marketing Administration at the Fundacao Getulio Vargas in Sao Paulo, Brazil.
The Board of Directors concluded that all of the continuing directors have the requisite experience, qualifications, attributes and skill necessary to serve as a member of the Board of Directors based on, among other things, his:
Executive Officers
Following are the biographical summaries for each of the Company's executive officers. Each executive officer is elected by, and serves at the pleasure of, the Board of Directors.
Mr. Michael H. Tardugno. Mr. Tardugno's biographical information appears above under the heading "Continuing Class III Director Nominees."
Khursheed Anwer, Ph.D., M.B.A. Dr. Anwer joined Celsion in June 2014 as Executive Vice President and Chief Scientific Officer, in connection with the Company's acquisition of all the assets of EGWU, Inc. (formerly known as Egen, Inc.), an Alabama corporation ("EGEN"). Before joining Celsion, Dr. Anwer served as EGEN's President and Chief Scientific Officer, a position he held since 2009. He joined EGEN in July 2002 as Vice President of Research and Development and directed the company's clinical and research and development functions. Before joining EGEN, Inc., Dr. Anwer was Director of Pre-Clinical Development at Valentis, Inc. from July 2000 to June 2002. From 1993 to 1999, he served in several positions at GeneMedicine, Inc., where he led several research projects in the area of non-viral gene therapy. He has authored more than 40 publications in the area of non-viral gene therapy, resulting from his active career in research and development. Dr. Anwer holds a Ph.D. in Physiology/Pharmacology from Ohio University and received post-doctoral training from the University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston.
Nicholas Borys, M.D. Dr. Borys joined Celsion in October 2007 as Vice President and Chief Medical Officer of the Company and was promoted to Senior Vice President in June 2014 and to Executive Vice President in February 2019. In this position, Dr. Borys manages the clinical development and regulatory programs for Celsion. Dr. Borys has over 25 years of experience in all phases of pharmaceutical development with a focus on oncology. Immediately prior to joining Celsion, Dr. Borys served as Chief Medical Officer of Molecular Insight Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a molecular imaging and nuclear oncology pharmaceutical company, from 2004 until 2007. From 2002 until 2004, he served as the Vice President and Chief Medical Officer of Taiho Pharma USA, a Japanese start-up oncology therapeutics company. Prior to that he held increasingly senior positions at Cytogen Corporation, Anthra Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Amersham Healthcare, Inc. and Hoffmann La-Roche Inc. Dr. Borys obtained his premedical degree from Rutgers University and holds an M.D. degree from American University of the Caribbean.
Mr. Jeffrey W. Church. Mr. Church joined Celsion in July 2010 as Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary. Mr. Church was appointed as Senior Vice President, Corporate Strategy and Investor Relations in July 2011. In July 2013, Mr. Church was reappointed as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. In December 2018, Mr. Church was promoted to Executive Vice President. Immediately prior to joining Celsion, Mr. Church served as Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary of Alba Therapeutics Corporation, a privately held life science company from 2007 until 2010. From 2006 until 2007, he served as Vice President, CFO and Corporate Secretary for Novavax, Inc., a vaccine development company listed on The NASDAQ Global Select Market. From 1998 until 2006, he served as Vice President, CFO and Corporate Secretary for GenVec, Inc., a biotechnology company listed on The NASDAQ Capital Market. Prior to that, he held senior financial positions at BioSpherics Corporation and Meridian Medical Technologies, both publicly traded companies. He started his career with Price Waterhouse from 1979 until 1986. Mr. Church holds a B.S. degree in accounting from the University of Maryland and is a Certified Public Accountant.
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
None of the Company's directors or officers has been a part of any legal proceeding within the last 10 years that is subject to disclosure under Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K.
BOARD LEADERSHIP STRUCTURE AND ROLE IN RISK OVERSIGHT
Board Leadership
Our Board of Directors believes that it is important to select its Chairman of the Board and the Company's Chief Executive Officer in the manner it considers in the best interests of the Company at any given point in time. The members of the Board of Directors possess considerable business experience and in-depth knowledge of the issues the Company faces and are therefore in the best position to evaluate the needs of the Company and how best to organize and adopt the Company's leadership structure to meet those needs. Accordingly, the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer may be filled by one individual or by two different individuals, and the Chairman may be a Company insider or an independent director. Mr. Tardugno serves as Chairman of the Board of Directors, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Currently all the other directors of the Board of Directors are independent under applicable SEC and NASDAQ rules. The Board of Directors believes that the Company and its stockholders have been well served by the current leadership structure due to Mr. Tardugno's experience and in-depth knowledge of the Company and the industry.
Board Oversight of Risk
The Board of Directors is responsible for oversight of the various risks facing the Company. In this regard, the Board of Directors seeks to understand and oversee the most critical risks relating to our business and operations, allocate responsibilities for the oversight of risks among the full Board of Directors and its committees, and see that management has in place effective systems and processes for managing risks facing the Company. Overseeing risk is an ongoing process, and risk is inherently tied to our strategy and to strategic decisions. Accordingly, the Board of Directors considers risk throughout the year and with respect to specific proposed actions. The Board of Directors recognizes that it is neither possible nor prudent to eliminate all risk. Indeed, purposeful and appropriate risk-taking is essential for the Company to be competitive and to achieve its business objectives.
While the Board of Directors oversees risk, management is charged with identifying and managing risk. We have robust internal processes and a strong internal control environment to identify and manage risks and to communicate information about risk to the Board of Directors. Management communicates routinely with the Board of Directors, Board Committees (as defined below) and individual directors on the significant risks identified and how they are being managed. Directors are free to, and indeed often do, communicate directly with senior management.
The Board of Directors implements its risk oversight function both as a whole and through delegation to various committees (the "Board Committees"). These committees meet regularly and report back to the full Board of Directors. The Audit Committee oversees the management of financial, accounting, internal controls, disclosure controls and the engagement arrangement and regular oversight of the independent auditors. The Compensation Committee is responsible for the design and oversight of the Company's compensation programs. Based on a review of our company-wide compensation programs, including the compensation programs for our executive officers, the Compensation Committee has concluded that these programs do not create risks that are likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company. The Nominating and Governance Committee periodically reviews the Company's corporate governance practices, including the risks that those practices are intended to address. It also periodically reviews the composition of the Board of Directors to help ensure that a diversity of skills and experiences is represented by the members of the Board of Directors taking into account the stage of growth of the Company and its strategic direction. The Science and Technology Committee assists the Board of Directors in monitoring the state of science and technology capabilities within the Company and associated risks and overseeing the development of key technologies and major science and medicine-driven innovation initiatives essential to the long-term success of Celsion.
COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The Board of Directors presently maintains separately designated Audit, Compensation, Nominating and Governance, and Science and Technology Committees.
Good Governance Practices
Our Board of Directors has a commitment to strong and sustainable corporate governance. As such, we continuously review our practices to ensure effective collaboration of management and the Board of Directors. Highlights of the Board of Directors' best practices are:
Audit Committee
The Audit Committee consists of Mr. Frederick J. Fritz, (Chairman), Dr. Augustine Chow and Dr. Alberto R. Martinez. The Audit Committee operates under a written charter as amended and restated effective May 4, 2007. A copy of the charter, as may be amended from time to time, is available on our web site, located at http://www.celsion.com. Additional copies of the charter are available upon written request to the Company. All members of the Audit Committee meet the independence standards established by the SEC and NASDAQ.
The Audit Committee assists the Board of Directors in fulfilling its responsibility to oversee management's implementation of the Company's financial reporting process. In discharging its oversight role, the Audit Committee reviewed and discussed the audited financial statements contained in the Company's 2018 Annual Report on Form 10-K with the Company's management and the Company's independent registered public accounting firm. Management is responsible for the financial statements and the reporting process, including the system of internal controls. The Company's independent registered public accounting firm is responsible for expressing an opinion on the conformity of those financial statements with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S.
The Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Fritz is qualified to serve as the "audit committee financial expert" as defined by Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K and that Drs. Chow and Martinez meet the financial literacy requirements under applicable NASDAQ rules.
Compensation Committee
The Compensation Committee is responsible for establishing and administering the compensation policies applicable to the Company's directors, officers and key personnel, for recommending compensation arrangements to the Board of Directors and for evaluating the performance of senior management. The Compensation Committee operates under a written charter effective as of December 24, 2003. A copy of the charter, as may be amended from time to time, is available on our web site, located at www.celsion.com. Additional copies of the charter are available upon written request to the Company. The Compensation Committee does not delegate the authority to approve compensation policies and actions affecting the Company's named executive officers or directors. The Compensation Committee applies discretion in determining compensation for the Company's executives. The Compensation Committee has not established any equity or other security ownership requirements or guidelines in respect of its executive officers. The Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer assists the Compensation Committee in evaluating the performance of other executive officers and by providing information to directors as and when requested, such as salary surveys and compensation paid by the Company's competitors, to the extent such information is publicly available. Members of the Compensation Committee undertake to verify such information prior to referring to it in determining executive compensation. The compensation of the Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer is determined by the Compensation Committee based on the Compensation Committee's evaluation of his performance and with reference to such external or competitive data as they consider necessary. The compensation of the other named executive officers is determined by the Compensation Committee based on its evaluation of their individual performance and the recommendations of the Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer.
Mr. Hooper (Chairman) and Drs. Chow and Martinez currently comprise the Compensation Committee. All members of the Compensation Committee are independent under the applicable NASDAQ rules.
Nominating and Governance Committee
The Nominating and Governance Committee is responsible for identifying and recruiting new members of the Board of Directors when vacancies arise, identifying and recruiting nominees for election as directors, reconsideration of incumbent directors in connection with nominations for elections of directors and ensuring that the Board of Directors is properly constituted to meet its corporate governance obligations. The Nominating and Governance Committee operates under a written charter effective as of December 24, 2003 and amended on February 27, 2006. A copy of the charter, as may be amended from time to time, is available on our web site, located at www.celsion.com. The current members of the Nominating and Governance Committee are Mr. Fritz and Dr. Martinez, each of whom is deemed to be independent under applicable NASDAQ rules.
Science and Technology Committee
The primary purpose of the Science and Technology Committee is to assist the Board of Directors in monitoring the state of science and technology capabilities within the Company and associated risks and overseeing the development of key technologies and major science and medicine-driven innovation initiatives essential to the long-term success of Celsion. The Science and Technology Committee's responsibilities includes reviewing technologies and technology programs of significance to the Company, with special focus on major external initiatives, observing the evolution of science and medicine outside the Company, participating in the development of metrics to assess the state of Celsion science and technology in subject areas including, but not limited to, patent estate, freedom to operate, productivity, capability and external benchmarks, providing guidance for the Company's external science and technology alliances, and providing guidance on the direction of the Company's science and technology activities, as appropriate. The current members of the Science and Technology Committee are Dr. Voss and Dr. Braun, each of whom is deemed to be independent under applicable SEC and NASDAQ rules.
MEETINGS OF THE BOARD AND ITS COMMITTEES
During the year ended December 31, 2018, there were a total of four regular meetings of the Board of Directors. All of our directors attended all of the meetings of the Board of Directors and the committees on which they served that were held during the period for which they were a director or committee member, respectively other than Dr. Voss who was unable to attend the February 12, 2018 Board of Directors Meeting. During the year ended December 31, 2018, the Audit Committee met four times, the Compensation Committee met two times, the Nominating and Governance Committee met one time and the Science and Technology Committee met one time.
DIRECTOR NOMINATIONS
The Nominating and Governance Committee
The role of the Nominating and Governance Committee is to act on behalf of the Board of Directors to ensure that the Board of Directors and its standing committees are appropriately constituted to meet their fiduciary and corporate governance obligations. In this role, the Nominating and Governance Committee is responsible for identifying and recruiting new members of the Board of Directors when vacancies arise, identifying and recruiting nominees for election as directors and reconsidering incumbent directors in connection with nominations for elections of directors. The Nominating and Governance Committee is also charged with: (i) reviewing and recommending changes in the size and composition of the Board of Directors and its committees; (ii) developing and maintaining criteria and processes for selecting candidates for election as directors; (iii) identifying and recruiting candidates to stand for election as directors and determining whether incumbent directors should stand for reelection; (iv) ensuring that the Company and the Board of Directors operate in accordance with current best practices; (v) providing for ongoing director training and education; (vi) reporting to the Board of Directors on Nominating and Governance Committee activities; (vii) annually reviewing the Nominating and Governance Committee's performance of its responsibilities and duties; and (viii) annually reviewing the Nominating and Governance Committee Charter, the structure and the processes and membership requirements of the Nominating and Governance Committee and recommending to the Board any improvements or amendments that the Nominating and Governance Committee considers appropriate or necessary.
Director Qualifications
It is a policy of the Nominating and Governance Committee that candidates for director be determined to have unquestionable integrity and the highest ethical character. Candidates must demonstrate the ability to exercise sound, mature and independent business judgment in the best interests of the stockholders as a whole and may not have any interests that would, in the view of the Nominating and Governance Committee, impair their ability to exercise independent judgment or otherwise discharge the fiduciary duties owed as a director. Candidates must have experience and demonstrated achievement in one or more fields of business, professional, governmental, communal, scientific or educational endeavors which will complement the talents of the other members of the Board of Directors and further the interests of the Company, bearing in mind the composition of the Board of Directors and the current state of the Company and the biotechnical/biopharmaceutical industry generally. In particular, the Nominating and Governance Committee believes it is important for one or more members of the Board of Directors to have in-depth experience in the biotechnical/biopharmaceutical industry. The Nominating and Governance Committee has determined that one or more of its members, including the incumbents nominated to stand for reelection at the Annual Meeting, have such biotechnical/biopharmaceutical experience.
Candidates are expected to have an appreciation of the major issues facing public companies of a size and operational scope similar to the Company, including contemporary governance concerns, regulatory obligations of a public issuer, strategic business planning, competition in a global economy, and basic concepts of corporate finance. Candidates must also have the willingness and capability to devote the time necessary to participate actively in meetings of the Board of Directors and committee meetings and related activities, the ability to work professionally and effectively with other members of the Board of Directors and Company management, and the ability and intention to remain on the Board of Directors long enough to make an effective contribution. Among candidates who meet the foregoing criteria, the Nominating and Governance Committee also considers the Company's current and anticipated needs, including expertise, diversity and balance of inside, outside and independent directors.
The Nominating and Governance Committee, encouraging diversity, endeavors to comprise the Board of Directors of members with a broad mix of professional and personal backgrounds. Thus, the Nominating and Governance Committee accords some weight to the individual professional background and experience of each director. Further, in considering nominations, the Nominating and Governance Committee takes into account how a candidate's professional background would fit into the mix of experiences represented by the then-current Board of Directors. When evaluating a nominee's overall qualifications, the Nominating and Governance Committee does not assign specific weights to particular criteria, and no particular criterion is necessarily required of all prospective nominees. In addition to the aforementioned criteria, when evaluating a director for re-nomination to the Board of Directors, the Nominating and Governance Committee will also consider the director's history of attendance at board and committee meetings, the director's preparation for and participation in such meetings, and the director's tenure as a member of the Board of Directors.
Director Independence
In accordance with the rules of the SEC and NASDAQ, the Company requires that at least a majority of the directors serving at any time on the Board of Directors be independent, that at least three directors satisfy the financial literacy requirements for service on the Audit Committee and that at least one member of the Audit Committee qualify as an "audit committee financial expert" under those rules.
The Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Fritz (chairman of our Audit Committee) is qualified to serve as the "audit committee financial expert" as defined by Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K and that Mr. Fritz and Drs. Chow and Martinez meet the financial literacy requirements under applicable SEC and NASDAQ rules. The Board of Directors has also determined that of the seven currently serving directors, six directors (Drs. Augustine Chow, Alberto R. Martinez, Donald P. Braun, Andreas Voss and Messrs. Robert W. Hooper and Frederick J. Fritz) are independent under applicable SEC and NASDAQ rules. In considering the independence of the non-employee Directors nominated for election, each of Dr. Donald P. Braun and Dr. Andrew Voss has no relationship with the Company other than as a Director and are independent.
Nominating and Governance Committee Process
In selecting candidates for the Board of Directors, the Nominating and Governance Committee begins by determining whether the incumbent directors whose terms expire at the annual meeting of stockholders desire and are qualified to continue their service on the Board of Directors. Under its charter, the Nominating and Governance Committee is charged with considering incumbent directors as if they were new candidates. However, the Nominating and Governance Committee recognizes the significant value of the continuing service of qualified incumbents in promoting stability and continuity, providing the benefit of the familiarity and insight into the Company's affairs and enhancing the Board of Directors' ability to work as a collective body. Therefore, it is the policy of the Nominating and Governance Committee, absent special circumstances, to nominate qualified incumbent directors who the Nominating and Governance Committee believes will continue to make important contributions to the Board of Directors and who consent to stand for re-election. If any member of the Board of Directors does not wish to continue in service or if the Nominating and Governance Committee or the Board of Directors decides not to re-nominate a member, there is an existing vacancy on the Board of Directors, or the Board of Directors, upon the recommendation of the Nominating and Governance Committee, elects to expand the size of the Board of Directors, the following process would be followed:
Stockholder Recommendation Process
The Nominating and Governance Committee will consider for nomination any qualified director candidates recommended by our stockholders. Any stockholder who wishes to recommend a director candidate is directed to submit in writing the candidate's name, biographical information and relevant qualifications to our Corporate Secretary at our principal executive offices. All written submissions received from our stockholders will be reviewed by the Nominating and Governance Committee at the next appropriate meeting. The Nominating and Governance Committee will evaluate any suggested director candidates received from our stockholders in the same manner as recommendations received from management, committee members or members of our board. The Company or the Nominating and Governance Committee may require a stockholder who proposes a nominee to furnish such other information as may reasonably be required by the Company to determine the eligibility or suitability of the proposed nominee to serve as director of the Company. See the section titled "Stockholder Nominations and Proposals for the 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders" later in this Proxy Statement.
Revisions to Nomination Process
The Nominating and Governance Committee and stockholder recommendation processes have been developed to provide a flexible framework to permit the director nomination process to move forward effectively. The Nominating and Governance Committee intends to review these processes from time to time in light of the Company's evolving needs and changing circumstances, as well as changes in legal requirements and stock exchange listing standards. The Nominating and Governance Committee may revise these processes or adopt new ones based on such periodic reviews.
STOCKHOLDER COMMUNICATIONS
The Board of Directors has adopted a process through which interested stockholders may communicate with the Board of Directors. Stockholders who wish to send communications to the Board of Directors, or any particular director, should address such communications to the Corporate Secretary, at the Company's headquarters at 997 Lenox Drive, Suite 100, Lawrenceville, New Jersey, 08648. The envelope containing any such communication should be prominently marked "To the Attention of the Board of Directors" or to a particular committee or director, and the communication should include a representation from the stockholder indicating the stockholder's address and the number of shares of the Company's common stock beneficially owned by the stockholder. Our Corporate Secretary is primarily responsible for monitoring communications from stockholders. Depending upon the content of a particular communication, as he deems appropriate, our Corporate Secretary will: (i) forward the communication to the director, directors or committee to whom it is addressed; (ii) attempt to handle the inquiry directly, for example where the stockholder communication consists of a request for information about the Company or is a stock-related matter; or (iii) not forward communications such as solicitations, junk mail and obviously frivolous or inappropriate communications. At each meeting of the Board of Directors, the Corporate Secretary will present a summary of all communications, whether or not forwarded, received since the last meeting and will make those communications available to the directors on request.
BOARD ATTENDANCE
The Board of Directors strongly encourages, but does not require, all directors, to the extent reasonable and practicable, to attend the Company's Annual Meetings of Stockholders in person. All of the current members of the Board of Directors were present at the Company's 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders held on May 15, 2018.
DIRECTOR COMPENSATION
2018 DIRECTOR COMPENSATION TABLE
The following table sets forth the cash and noncash compensation paid to the Company's directors who are not employed by the Company or any of its subsidiaries ("Non-Employee Directors") for the year ended December 31, 2018. The compensation paid to any director who was also one of our employees during fiscal year 2018 is presented in the "2018 Summary Compensation Table" and the information that follows that table. Such employee directors do not receive separate compensation for service on the Board of Directors or any of its committees.
[BEGIN TABLE]
  (1) The  value reported for Option Awards is the aggregate grant date fair value of stock options granted to each Director in 2018, determined  in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718, disregarding adjustments for forfeiture assumptions. The assumptions for making the valuation  determinations are set forth in Note 11 in the financial statements in the Company's 2018 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed  with the SEC on March 29, 2019. As of December 31, 2018, Dr. Chow had 97,689 option awards outstanding; Mr. Hooper had 94,118  option awards outstanding; Dr. Martinez had 93,880 option awards outstanding; Mr. Fritz had 94,118 option awards outstanding;  and Dr. Braun and Dr. Voss each had 65,357 option awards outstanding. 
[END TABLE]
The following table sets forth stock option grants awarded to the Company's Non-Employee Directors for the year ended December 31, 2018. The stock option grants to any director who was also one of our employees during fiscal year 2018 is presented in the "2018 Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table" and the information that follows that table. Employee directors do not receive separate equity awards for service on the Board of Directors or any of its committees.
[BEGIN TABLE]
Name   Number      of  Options   Granted     Exercise Price     Grant        Date   Expiration        Date   Grant        Date   Fair   Value   
Name   Number      of  Options   Granted     Exercise Price     Grant        Date   Expiration        Date   Grant        Date   Fair   Value   
[END TABLE]
NARRATIVE DISCLOSURE TO DIRECTOR COMPENSATION TABLE
During the year ended December 31, 2018, each Non-Employee Director of the Company received annual cash compensation in the amount of $28,000 payable in quarterly installments, and an additional $1,850 for attendance, in person or telephonically, at regular meetings of the Board of Directors and each meeting of a committee of the Board of Directors that was not held in conjunction with a meeting of the Board of Directors. Each Non-Employee director is reimbursed for the out-of-pocket costs of attending meetings of the Board of Directors and of committees of the Board of Directors. The Chairman of the Audit Committee received an additional annual cash fee of $11,500, the Chairman of the Compensation Committee received an additional annual cash fee of $8,500 and the Chairman of the Science and Technology Committee received an additional annual cash fee of $7,000 in 2018. Acting on behalf of the Board of Directors, Mr. Fritz also received fees totaling $48,000 in 2018 for strategic and tactical advisory services to the Company.
COMPENSATION COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER PARTICIPATION
Mr. Hooper and Drs. Chow and Martinez each served on the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors for 2018. No director who served on our Compensation Committee at any time during 2018 is or was a current or former executive officer or employee of the Company, or had any relationships requiring disclosure by the Company under the SEC's rules requiring disclosure of certain relationships and related party transactions. None of the members of the Compensation Committee during fiscal year 2018 was, or has ever been, an officer or employee of the Company, and, during fiscal year 2018, no executive officer of the Company served on the board and/or compensation committee of any company that employed as an executive officer any member of the Company's Board and/or Compensation Committee.
STOCK OWNERSHIP GUIDELINES FOR NON-EMPLOYEE AND EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
The Board of Directors believes that, as a matter of sound corporate governance, non-employee and executive directors should have a significant personal financial stake in our performance. Consequently, in February 2011, the Board of Directors adopted stock ownership guidelines for non-employee and executive directors. Our corporate governance guidelines require that each non-employee director acquire and hold shares of our common stock having an aggregate value equal to two times the director's total compensation in the first year of service and that our executive director acquire and hold shares of our common stock having an aggregate value equal to the executive director's total compensation in the first year of service. Each director is expected to satisfy the applicable ownership guideline within three years after his or her appointment to the board, whichever is later.
Shares of our common stock that count toward satisfaction of these ownership guidelines include, unless beneficial ownership therein is disclaimed: (i) shares owned outright by the director or executive officer or their immediate family members residing in the same household, whether held individually or jointly; (ii) shares held in a trust, family limited partnership or similar entity solely for the benefit of the director or executive officer and/or their immediate family members; (iii) shares of restricted stock and restricted stock units awarded under our equity incentive plans, including vested and unvested awards; and (iv) shares acquired upon stock option exercise, but not shares underlying unexercised stock options.
REPORT OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE
The Audit Committee assists the Board of Directors in fulfilling its responsibility to oversee management's implementation of the Company's financial reporting process. In discharging its oversight role, the Audit Committee reviewed and discussed the audited financial statements contained in the Company's 2018 Annual Report on Form 10-K with the Company's management and the Company's independent registered public accounting firm. Management is responsible for the financial statements and the reporting process, including the system of internal controls. The Company's independent registered public accounting firm is responsible for expressing an opinion on the conformity of those financial statements with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.
The Audit Committee met privately with the Company's independent registered public accounting firm and discussed issues deemed significant by the independent registered public accounting firm, including those required to be discussed by Auditing Standard No. 16, "Communications with Audit Committees" issued by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. In addition, the Audit Committee discussed with the independent registered public accounting firm its independence from the Company and its management, including the matters in the written disclosures and the letter received from the independent registered public accounting firm as required by applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding the independent accountant's communications with the audit committee concerning independence, and considered whether the provision of non-audit services by the independent registered public accounting firm was compatible with maintaining the independent registered public accounting firm's independence. The Audit Committee also met with the independent registered public accounting firm, with and without management present, to discuss the results of the independent registered public accounting firm's examination, their evaluation of the Company's internal controls, and the overall quality of the Company's financial reporting.
In reliance on the reviews and discussions outlined above, the Audit Committee recommended to the Board of Directors that the audited financial statements be included in the Company's 2018 Annual Report on Form 10-K for filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Members of the Audit Committee
Mr. Frederick J. Fritz (Chairman)
Dr. Augustine Chow
Dr. Alberto R. Martinez
EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
This section describes the material elements of compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to the following Executive Officers of the Company:
These individuals are listed in the 2018 Summary Compensation Table below and are referred to in this discussion as the "Named Executive Officers."
Introduction
Celsion is a fully-integrated development stage oncology drug company focused on advancing a portfolio of innovative cancer treatments, including directed chemotherapies, DNA-mediated immunotherapy and RNA based therapies. Our lead product candidate is ThermoDox®, a proprietary heat-activated liposomal encapsulation of doxorubicin, currently in a Phase III clinical trial for the treatment of primary liver cancer (the "OPTIMA Study"). Second in our pipeline is GEN-1, a DNA-mediated immunotherapy for the localized treatment of ovarian cancer. We have two platform technologies providing the basis for the future development of a range of therapeutics for difficult-to-treat forms of cancer including: Lysolipid Thermally Sensitive Liposomes, a heat sensitive liposomal based dosage form that targets disease with known therapeutics in the presence of mild heat and TheraPlas, a novel nucleic acid-based treatment for local transfection of therapeutic plasmids. With these technologies we are working to develop and commercialize more efficient, effective and targeted oncology therapies that maximize efficacy while minimizing side-effects common to cancer treatments.
As a result of the Company's drug development status, it is unlikely, in the short to medium term, to generate revenues and income sufficient to cover product development costs. As a result, the Company's executive compensation philosophy is to align the interests of management and stockholders by emphasizing rewards for Company performance, while remaining competitive with compensation paid by other clinical stage biotechnology companies.
The compensation practices that we have outlined below have been implemented because we believe that they are consistent with our stockholders' interests:
[BEGIN TABLE]
  What                                           we do:  
[END TABLE]
Following is a list of compensation practices that we have not engaged in because we do not believe that they are consistent with our stockholders' interests:
[BEGIN TABLE]
  What                                           we don't do:  
  What                                           we don't do:  
[END TABLE]
Stockholder Say-on-Pay Votes
The Company provides its stockholders with the opportunity to cast an advisory vote every three years to approve its executive compensation program (referred to as a "say-on-pay proposal"). At the Annual Meeting of Stockholders held in June 2016, approximately 98% of the votes cast on the say-on-pay proposal at that meeting were voted in favor of the Company's executive compensation program. The Compensation Committee believes these results affirmed stockholders' support of the Company's approach to its executive compensation program. In general, the Compensation Committee did not change its approach in 2018 and believes the program in place, as in prior years, includes a number of features that further the goals of the Company's executive compensation program. The Compensation Committee will continue to consider the outcome of the Company's say-on-pay proposals when making future compensation decisions for the Named Executive Officers.
The Compensation Committee has adopted the following executive compensation approaches, which the Company believes help to achieve the objectives for the executive compensation program and are generally favored by stockholders:
[BEGIN TABLE]
● A  significant amount of the executives' compensation is at-risk. For fiscal year 2018, over 80% of Mr. Tardugno's target  total direct compensation was performance-based (annual cash incentive awards) and/or linked to the value of the Company's  stock price (long-term equity incentive awards). As used in this discussion, the term "total direct compensation"  means: 
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
● Executives'                                           bonuses under the Company's annual incentive program are principally based on the                                           achievement of specific performance objectives established at the beginning of the fiscal                                           year by the Compensation Committee. Historically the Compensation Committee has awarded                                           the annual incentive bonus for each year in the first quarter of the following year.  
[END TABLE]
The following table provides the components of Mr. Tardugno's compensation for the last three years:
*Compensation Committee awarded a one-time option award to CEO in May 2018 – see Executive Compensation
Philosophy and Procedures below for further discussion.
Executive Compensation Philosophy and Procedures
The Compensation Committee attempts to design executive compensation programs to achieve three principal objectives.
The Compensation Committee's philosophy is to pay competitive total compensation, comprised of annual salaries, annual cash incentives and long-term equity awards (primarily stock options), with a significant percentage of total compensation directly linked with the Company's performance. The Compensation Committee considers the elements of the compensation package to be reflective of compensation packages given to executives of companies of similar size in our industry. Compensation packages generally are designed to pay competitive salaries at the median of the industry compensation surveys as described below, reward superior annual performance through incentive compensation awards and allow executives to participate in increases in stockholder value through stock option and other stock-based grants.
Starting in early 2016 and continuing through 2018, the biotechnology / life science industry experienced a difficult financing environment in the public equity markets. Many companies found it necessary to (i) enter into highly structured, dilutive financings to fund their operations, (ii) scale back its clinical development and research programs, or (iii) a combination of both. Celsion found itself in a similar situation during this period of time with the following unique challenges:
Faced with these challenges, the Company's management with the support of the Board of Directors successfully repositioned Celsion in late 2017 through 2018 by successfully implementing the following initiatives:
In determining executives' compensation levels, the Compensation Committee relies primarily on its experience and judgment to provide a package that it believes appropriately balances the need to attract and retain key executive talent with the creation of incentives that will (i) enhance the growth of the Company, (ii) align the interests of management and stockholders by emphasizing rewards for Company performance, while remaining competitive with compensation paid by other clinical stage biotechnology companies and (iii) provide value for stockholders.
In May 2018, the Compensation Committee determined that based on the significant accomplishments achieved by the Company during 2016 through 2018, it authorized a one-time incentive equity award (stock option grant) to the Company's CEO, other NEOs and all employees to align their interests with those of the stockholders. As part of its decision-making process, the Compensation Committee takes into account the role and experience of each executive and reviews industry surveys (specifically, the Radford Global Life Sciences Survey, which covers a broad cross-section of the biotechnology, pharmaceuticals and life science industries and in which the Company participates) for information on the compensation paid to executive officers by companies in our industry that are similar in size, breadth, stage of development or complexity to the Company. The Compensation Committee also reviews custom surveys comparing executive compensation with that of specific peer groups (for example, pre-commercial biopharma public companies, biopharma companies with under 50 employees, biopharma companies with a market cap above $100 million and biopharma companies with a market cap below $100 million).
In light of the straightforward nature of the Company's executive compensation arrangements, the Compensation Committee believes it has not been necessary to retain independent compensation consultants, and no consultants were retained by the Compensation Committee or the Company for 2018. The Compensation Committee reviews the compensation surveys as summarized above with the Chief Executive Officer as it relates to elements of yearly performance and compensation of all members of the executive management team. The Compensation Committee believes that an appropriate level of input from our Chief Executive Officer provides a necessary and valuable perspective in helping the Compensation Committee formulate its own independent views on compensation. The Compensation Committee takes measures to ensure its independence with respect to the Chief Executive Officer's compensation, excusing him from portions of meetings to freely discuss his and the other Named Executive Officers performance and compensation. The Compensation Committee made all final determinations on the compensation levels for all Named Executive Officers in 2018.
A discussion of each individual element of compensation and the compensation for each Named Executive Officer for 2018 follows.
Annual Salaries
The Company participates in an ongoing industry survey as described above. The Compensation Committee compares base salary for Company executives with the levels provided to similarly-situated executives and generally targets base salaries at levels in the median of the survey data.
In 2018, the Compensation Committee reviewed each executive's job responsibilities, individual performance, our corporate performance, competitive market data, our total compensation expense and the base salaries of Mr. Tardugno, Dr. Borys, Dr. Anwer and Mr. Church and approved the following salary adjustments for each Named Executive Officer:
Incentive Compensation
The Company has an incentive compensation plan in which all members of our senior management participate. The plan is performance-driven based on Company and individual personal operational objectives established at the beginning of the year by the Compensation Committee in consultation with the Chief Executive Officer. These operational objectives include the completion of certain development projects, capital raising, cost controls, business development and profit and loss goals, which we believe are ultimately linked to creating stockholder value. These objectives are designed to achieve timely and efficient product development including completion of clinical studies and regulatory approvals. Each member of senior management is individually evaluated based on the achievement of the Company's overall operational objectives and each individual's personal performance against these objectives. This component of compensation is provided, among other reasons, to create incentives for members of senior management to meet short- and medium-term performance goals of the Company, without regard to stock price. Objectives are weighted in terms of overall importance to meeting the Company's operating plan.
The total annual incentive compensation a member of senior management can earn is based on his level within management, with more senior members of management eligible to earn a higher percentage of their base salary as incentive compensation than less senior members. We believe it is appropriate for executives to have a greater percentage of their compensation "at-risk" based on performance as they generally have a greater role in the achievement of objectives that we believe promote the growth of the Company and the creation of value for stockholders. The actual amount of incentive compensation paid to any member of senior management is determined on a sliding scale dependent on how successful such member of senior management was in achieving the objectives upon which his or her incentive compensation was targeted and the relative importance to the Company of the objectives achieved. The Compensation Committee retains complete discretion to adjust any incentive compensation down and retains discretion as to whether to grant any incentive compensation to any individual member of senior management at all.
Under the incentive compensation plan for 2018, the Compensation Committee established a number of annual corporate goals identified below that include research and development, regulatory, manufacturing, organizational and financial goals which we believe are essential to building stockholder value. The relative weighting of these corporate goals is based upon our assessment of the importance of each goal in creating value for the Company and our stockholders. If all of the stated goals were achieved, the overall corporate performance rating would have been 100%. Each corporate goal was established so that significant levels of achievement were required to meet the goal. Following the conclusion of the annual performance period, the level of achievement for each corporate goal was assessed by the Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee determined whether each corporate goal had been met, exceeded, or not satisfied. In addition, in assessing corporate performance, the Compensation Committee had the discretion to factor in other significant corporate events that occurred during the performance period, which could have resulted in an upward or downward adjustment in the determination of corporate performance. After considering the level of attainment of each corporate goal and other appropriate corporate performance factors, the Compensation Committee assigned the overall corporate performance rating, which could have ranged from 0% to 100%. A maximum bonus pool is established by multiplying the overall corporate performance rating by the aggregate target bonuses for all individuals in the incentive plan. Certain individual downward adjustments may be made at the discretion of the Compensation Committee. The aggregate of all individual bonuses awarded under the policy cannot exceed the maximum bonus pool available such that the cost of bonuses ultimately reflects our overall performance and is not inflated by any individual performance rating.
After the corporate performance rating is determined by the Compensation Committee, the individual performance of each Named Executive Officer is reviewed by the Compensation Committee in consultation with Mr. Tardugno in order to determine the appropriate annual performance percentage rating to be assigned to the executive for the performance period. Each Named Executive Officer's actual annual performance-based incentive compensation payment is based on a combination of our corporate performance rating and his or her individual performance rating. The actual annual performance bonus compensation award for each Named Executive Officer is determined in the Compensation Committee's sole discretion, and the maximum payout for each Named Executive Officer could be up to 130% of his target annual performance-based compensation target.
The Named Executive Officers were each assigned a target annual incentive for 2018 ranging from 45% to 100% of base salary. The table below shows the target annual incentive assigned to each Named Executive Officer for 2018 both as a dollar amount and as a percentage of base salary.
The following 2018 corporate objectives and relative weightings assigned to each objective include the completion of certain development projects, capital raising, cost controls, business development and profit and loss goals, which we believe are ultimately linked to creating stockholder value. These objectives are designed to achieve timely and efficient product development including completion of clinical studies and regulatory approvals and in total represent a potential payout at 130% of the executive's bonus target if all objectives are achieved.
These performance objectives served as the corporate performance objectives under the incentive compensation plan for 2018. Research and development goals comprised 65% of the corporate performance objectives for 2018, with an additional 35% relating to financial and business development objectives that we believe were critical to the development of our drug candidate pipeline. We believe this mix of corporate goals was not only an appropriate measure of achievement in 2018, but also represents objectives important to building the long-term foundation of our business.
A report of the achievement of our 2018 corporate objectives was prepared by our executive management team and was then reviewed and assessed by the Compensation Committee. Based on this review and assessment, the Compensation Committee determined that five of the seven corporate goals identified above (1, 2, 5, 6 and 7) were met. Two of the corporate goals (3 and 4) were not met; therefore, no credit was given for these goals. The Compensation Committee also determined that significant accomplishments outside of established corporate objectives, including the Company's progress in certain partnerships and collaborations, advances in clinical development, and attainment of certain financial objectives, should be factored into the determination of the corporate performance rating.
Each of the Named Executive Officers participated in the annual incentive plan for 2018. The target bonus amount for each executive was established pursuant to his employment agreement. Executives' bonuses under the Company's annual incentive program are based on the achievement of specific performance measures established at the beginning of the fiscal year by the Compensation Committee. Historically the Compensation Committee has awarded the annual incentive bonus for each year in the first quarter of the following year. In the first quarter of 2019, the Compensation Committee approved the amount and the payment of the incentive bonus for 2018 for each of the Named Executive Officers. Please see the "Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation" column in the 2018 Summary Compensation Table.
Stock-Based Compensation
The Company grants long-term equity awards to its executives and other employees that are designed to align the interests of Company employees and its stockholders, encouraging participants to maintain and increase their ownership of Company common stock with the opportunity to benefit from the Company's long-term performance. The Company's equity program has generally consisted of grants of stock options and occasional grants of stock awards. Because the exercise price of the options is based on the market price of the Company's common stock on the date of grant, the Compensation Committee believes that options help to align the interests of the Company's executives with those of its stockholders as the options will not have value unless there is appreciation in the Company's stock price. The options also serve as a retention tool since they generally vest over a two to three-year period following the grant date. This approach is designed to focus key employees on sustainable growth of the Company and the creation of stockholder value over the long term.
Annual grants to the Named Executive Officers are generally made during the first half of the fiscal year. Annual grants are determined by the Committee based on their review of each individual's past performance as well as their potential impact on the Company's future performance. Grants may also be made at other times during the fiscal year in certain circumstances (such as a grant in connection with the hiring or promotion of an executive or other special circumstance as deemed appropriate by the Compensation Committee).
Other Compensation
Executive officers are eligible to participate in our medical and other welfare benefit plans and for other benefits, in each case on generally the same basis as other employees. We maintain a 401(k) plan for our employees. Other than the 401(k) plan, we do not offer any of our employees a pension plan, retirement plan or other forms of compensation paid out upon retirement.
Post-Employment Obligations
The Company believes that severance protections, particularly in the context of a change in control transaction, can play a valuable role in attracting and retaining key executive officers. Under their employment agreements, each of the Named Executive Officers would be entitled to severance benefits in the event of a termination of employment by the Company without cause. The Company has determined that it is appropriate to provide the executives with severance benefits under these circumstances in light of their positions with the Company and as part of their overall compensation package.
The Company believes that the occurrence, or potential occurrence, of a change in control transaction will create uncertainty regarding the continued employment of the Company's executive officers as many change in control transactions result in significant organizational changes, particularly at the senior executive level. In order to encourage the Company's executive officers to remain employed with the Company during an important time when their prospects for continued employment following the transaction may be uncertain, the Company provides Mr. Tardugno, Mr. Church and Dr. Borys with enhanced severance benefits if his employment is actually or constructively terminated by the Company without cause in connection with a change in control.
Tax Considerations
Section 162(m) of the Code provides that annual compensation in excess of $1,000,000 paid to the Chief Executive Officer or certain of the Company's other executive officers will not be deductible by a publicly held corporation for federal income tax purposes. Historically, there was an exception to this annual deduction limit for compensation meeting the definition of "performance-based compensation" under Section 162(m) of the Code. With the enactment of tax reform in December 2017, the performance-based compensation exception under Section 162(m) of the Code has been repealed, except with respect to certain grandfathered arrangements. The Compensation Committee considers the anticipated tax treatment to the Company when determining executive compensation and, historically, has sought to structure its executive compensation program in a way that preserved the deductibility of compensation payments and benefits, subject to the satisfaction of other applicable regulatory requirements. It should be noted, however, that tax deductibility is one of many factors considered by the Compensation Committee in determining executive compensation and the Compensation Committee maintains the flexibility to compensate the Named Executive Officers in a manner it deems appropriate to attract, retain, and motivate highly-qualified executive officers.
COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT ON EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
The Compensation Committee has certain duties and powers as described in its charter. The Compensation Committee is currently composed of the three non-employee directors named at the end of this report, each of whom the Board of Directors has determined is independent under the applicable NASDAQ rules.
The Compensation Committee has reviewed and discussed with management the disclosures contained in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section of this Proxy Statement. Based upon this review and discussion, the Compensation Committee recommended to our Board of Directors that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section be included in this Proxy Statement and the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, as amended.
EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
2018 Executive Summary Compensation Table
The following table sets forth the aggregate cash and other compensation paid for the year ended December 31, 2018 and 2017:
[BEGIN TABLE]
Name                                                                                                                                           and Principal Position   Year     Salary     Bonus     Stock         Awards  (1)     Option Awards (1)     Non-Equity Incentive  Plan Compensation (2)     All      Other Compensation (3)     Total         ($)   
Jeffrey                                                                                  Church (9)(10)     2018     $ 354,733     $ 43,200     $ –     $ 588,825     $ 123,134     $ 16,500     $ 1,126,392   
[END TABLE]
Narrative Disclosure to Executive Summary Compensation Table
Employment Agreements
In March 2016, the Company and Mr. Tardugno entered into an employment agreement, effective March 30, 2016, which superseded the previous employment agreements with Mr. Tardugno. The amended and restated employment agreement generally maintained the same terms as set forth in the December 2014 agreement, but removed the modified single-trigger provision included in the agreement. Under that provision, Mr. Tardugno was eligible to receive severance following a change in control if Mr. Tardugno elected to terminate his employment for any reason or no reason commencing with the sixth and ending with the twelfth month following the change in control. In accordance with commonly viewed best practices, the parties agreed to remove this provision so that it is no longer operative, effective March 30, 2016. The following narrative describes the terms of Mr. Tardugno's employment agreement, as in effect on December 31, 2018 (the "March 2016 Agreement").
Subject to earlier termination pursuant to the terms of the March 2016 Agreement, the initial term of the agreement ends on January 31, 2018, with automatic one-year renewals thereafter, unless either party provides a notice of non-renewal. Mr. Tardugno's March 2016 Agreement provides for an initial annual base salary of $465,462, subject to annual adjustment by the Board of Directors of the Company or the Compensation Committee. Mr. Tardugno is also eligible for an annual performance bonus from the Company, pursuant to the Company's management incentive bonus program in effect from time to time. The amount of such bonus will be determined by the Board of Directors or the Compensation Committee in its sole and absolute discretion and will not exceed 100% of the then-current base salary except pursuant to a specific finding by the Board of Directors or the Compensation Committee that a higher percentage is appropriate. Under the March 2016 Agreement, the Company agreed to grant to Mr. Tardugno, at the time of its usual annual grant to employees, annual stock options to purchase shares of the Company's common stock as the Board of Directors or the Compensation Committee shall determine.
In the event of Mr. Tardugno's termination due to death or disability during the employment term, Mr. Tardugno's legal representatives shall be entitled to receive his base salary through the date which is ninety (90) days after his death and a pro rata annual performance bonus based on actual performance and the time served during the performance year. Upon Mr. Tardugno's death or termination due to disability, previously granted and vested stock options will remain fully exercisable through their respective original maximum terms (subject to earlier termination in connection with a change in control of the Company and similar events as provided in the applicable plan and/or award agreement) and all other stock options and stock awards (and similar equity rights) that have not vested prior to the date of termination will be forfeited.
In the event, (A) that the Company terminates the agreement other than for "cause" (as defined in the agreement) or (B) Mr. Tardugno terminates the agreement upon the occurrence of: (i) a material adverse change in his duties or authority; (ii) a situation in which he is no longer at least one of the President or the Chief Executive Officer of the Company; (iii) a bankruptcy filing or similar action by or against the Company; or (iv) another material breach of the Agreement by the Company (each, a "Triggering Event"), or (C) the agreement terminates for nonrenewal, Mr. Tardugno will be entitled to receive a severance payment equal to his base annual salary at the time of termination (the "Severance Amount"), payable in accordance with the Company's normal payroll practices, COBRA premiums for up to twelve months and may generally exercise any vested options through the remainder of their original terms.
In the event of termination of his employment upon a Triggering Event within two years following a "change in control" (as described below), or, if within such two-year period (i) there is a material adverse change in his compensation or benefits, or (ii) any successor to the Company does not assume the Company's obligation under the agreement, and he terminates his employment, Mr. Tardugno is entitled to a lump sum severance payment equal to the Severance Amount and any previously unvested options granted to Mr. Tardugno and covered by the employment agreement shall immediately vest and remain fully exercisable through the remainder of their original maximum terms and otherwise in accordance with their respective original terms.
In the event of termination of his employment upon a Triggering Event within two years following a "change in control" (as described below), or, if during the six-month period after a change in control and prior to the two-year anniversary of such change in control, (i) there is a material adverse change in his duties or responsivities, (ii) there is a material adverse change in his compensation or benefits, or (iii) any successor to the Company does not assume the Company's obligation under the agreement, and he terminates his employment, Mr. Tardugno is entitled to a lump sum severance payment equal to the Severance Amount and any previously unvested options granted to Mr. Tardugno and covered by the employment agreement shall immediately vest and remain fully exercisable through the remainder of their original maximum terms and otherwise in accordance with their respective original terms. A "change in control" is deemed to occur: (i) if any person becomes the direct or indirect beneficial owner of more than 50% of the combined voting power of the Company's then-outstanding securities; (ii) there is a change in a majority of the directors in office during any twenty-four (24) month period; (iii) the Company engages in a recapitalization, reorganization, merger, consolidation or similar transaction after which the holders of the Company's voting securities before the transaction do not continue to hold at least 50% of the voting securities of the Company or its successor after the transaction; or (iv) upon the complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company or the sale or other disposition of substantially all of its assets after which the holders of the Company's voting securities before such sale or disposition do not continue to hold at least 50% of the voting securities of the Company or its successor after such sale or disposition.
In the event that Mr. Tardugno is terminated for cause or is receiving severance payments contemplated under the employment agreement, Mr. Tardugno shall, among other things, not provide any services, directly or indirectly, to any other business or commercial entity in the Company's "Field of Interest" (as such term is defined in his employment agreement), solicit any customers or suppliers of the Company, directly or indirectly, or employ or seek to employ an employee of the Company for a period of two years following the date of termination. In addition, at no time during the term of the employment agreement or thereafter will Mr. Tardugno knowingly make any written or oral untrue statement that disparages the Company. Mr. Tardugno is also subject to confidentiality provisions in his employment agreement.
The Company and Dr. Borys entered into an employment offer letter on August 23, 2007, pursuant to which Dr. Borys agreed to serve as the Vice President and Chief Medical Officer of the Company. Dr. Borys' employment with the Company is "at-will"; however, subject to a retention agreement the Company provided to Dr. Borys on February 19, 2013, if the Company terminates Dr. Borys' employment for any reason other than just cause, the Company will pay Dr. Borys a salary continuation and COBRA premiums for up to [twelve] months. The salary and COBRA premiums will cease at the end of the twelve-month period or, if he finds new employment prior to the end of the twelve-month period, the benefit will be reduced by the amount of compensation which he will receive from any new employer.
The Company and Mr. Church entered into an employment offer letter on June 15, 2010. Mr. Church's employment is "at-will"; however, if the Company terminates Mr. Church for any reason other than just cause, the Company will pay Mr. Church a salary continuation and COBRA premiums for up to twelve months. The salary and COBRA premiums will cease at the end of the twelve-month period or if he finds new employment prior to the twelve-month period, the benefit will be reduced by the amount of compensation which he will receive from any new employer.
The Company and Dr. Anwer entered into an employment offer letter effective as of June 20, 2014. Dr. Anwer's employment with the Company is "at-will"; however, subject to the retention and severance agreement, if the Company terminates Dr. Anwer's employment without cause (as such term is defined in the retention and severance agreement), he will be entitled to receive cash severance equal to 12 months of his base salary and reimbursement of his COBRA premiums for up to 12 months. Dr. Anwer's right to receive these severance benefits is subject to his providing a release of claims in favor of the Company.
Change in Control Agreements
In September 2016, the Company entered into amended and restated change in control severance agreements (CIC Agreements) with each of the Named Executive Officers (other than Dr. Anwer who is not subject to such an agreement); to provide severance benefits to these executives should their employment terminate in certain circumstances in connection with a change in control of the Company.
Under the amended and restated CIC Agreements, in the event that the Company terminates the executive's employment without cause or in the event that the executive terminates his employment for good reason, in either case on or within two years after a change in control of the Company, the executive would be entitled to receive a cash lump sum payment equal to two (2) times the sum of (1) the executive's annual base salary and (2) the executive's target annual bonus for the fiscal year in which the termination occurs. (For these purposes, the terms "cause," "good reason" and "change in control" are each defined in the CIC Agreement.) In addition, the Company will pay or reimburse the executive for the cost of COBRA premiums and life insurance coverage for the executive and his eligible dependents, in each case for a period of up to two years following the termination. The executive would also be entitled to full acceleration of his then-outstanding equity awards granted to him by the Company. However, as to any equity award agreement that is subject to performance-based vesting requirements, the vesting of such award will continue to be governed by its terms. In the case of options or similar awards, the award would generally remain exercisable for the remainder of the original term of the award (or, in the case of awards that vested after the date of the change in control, for the lesser of 12 months following the last day such award would have been exercisable under the applicable award agreement and the remainder of the original term). The benefits provided under the CIC Agreement are in addition to, and not in lieu of, any severance benefits the executive may be entitled to receive in connection with the termination of his employment under any other agreement with the Company. The executive's right to benefits under the CIC Agreement is subject to his executing a release of claims in favor of the Company upon the termination of his employment.
Material Terms of Option Grants During 2018
Each of the stock options awarded to the Named Executive Officers in 2018 and reported in the 2018 Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table below was granted under, and is subject to, the terms of the 2018 Plan. The 2018 Plan is administered by the Compensation Committee, which has authority to interpret the plan provisions and make all required determinations under the plan. This authority includes making required proportionate adjustments to outstanding awards upon the occurrence of certain corporate events such as reorganizations, mergers and stock splits, and making provision to ensure that any tax withholding obligations incurred in respect of awards are satisfied. Awards granted under the plan are generally only transferable to a beneficiary of a Named Executive Officer upon his death. Under the terms of the 2018 Plan, if there is a change in control of the Company, each Named Executive Officer's outstanding awards granted under the plan will generally terminate, unless the Compensation Committee provides for the substitution, assumption, exchange or other continuation or settlement (in cash, securities or property) of the outstanding awards. The Compensation Committee has discretion to provide for outstanding awards to become vested in connection with a change in control.
Each option granted to the Named Executive Officers in 2018 was granted with a per-share exercise price equal to the closing price of our common stock on the grant date. Each option is scheduled to vest in three installments, with one-third vesting on the date of grant and the balance vesting in annual installments over each of the next two years, subject in each case to the executive's continued employment through the applicable vesting date and has a maximum term of ten years. However, vested options may terminate earlier in connection with a change in control transaction or a termination of the Named Executive Officer's employment. Subject to any accelerated vesting that may apply in the circumstances, the unvested portion of the option will immediately terminate upon a termination of the Named Executive Officer's employment.
2018 Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table
The following table presents information regarding the incentive awards granted to the Named Executive Officers during 2018. Each of the equity awards reported in the table below was granted under the 2018 Plan.
2018 Outstanding Equity Awards at Year-End
The following table summarizes the unexercised stock options held by each of the Named Executive Officers as of December 31, 2018. None of the Named Executive Officers held any other outstanding stock awards as of December 31, 2018.
Equity Compensation Plan Information as of December 31, 2018
PROPOSAL NO. 2:
ADVISORY VOTE TO APPROVE EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
The Company is providing its stockholders with the opportunity to cast a non-binding, advisory vote on the compensation of our Named Executive Officers as disclosed pursuant to the SEC's executive compensation disclosure rules and set forth in this proxy statement (including in the compensation tables and narratives accompanying those tables as well as in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis).
Our executive compensation program is guided by the principle that the compensation of the Company's executive officers should encourage creation of stockholder value and achievement of strategic corporate objectives. In furtherance of this principle, the Company's executive compensation program includes a number of features intended to reflect best practices in the market and help ensure that the program reinforces stockholder interests. These features are described in more detail in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis and include the following:
In accordance with the requirements of Section 14A of the Exchange Act (which was added by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act) and the related rules of the SEC, the Board of Directors will request your advisory vote on the following resolution at the annual meeting:
RESOLVED, that the compensation paid to the Company's Named Executive Officers, as disclosed in this proxy statement pursuant to the SEC's executive compensation disclosure rules (which disclosure includes the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, the compensation tables and the narrative discussion that accompanies the compensation tables), is hereby approved.
This vote is an advisory vote only and is non-binding on the Company, the Board of Directors or the Compensation Committee, and will not be construed as overruling a decision by, or creating or implying any additional fiduciary duty for, the Board of Directors or the Compensation Committee. However, the Compensation Committee, which is responsible for designing and administering the Company's executive compensation program, values the opinions expressed by stockholders in their vote on this proposal, and will consider the outcome of the vote when making future compensation decisions for Named Executive Officers.
Vote Required
The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of our Common Stock present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote on the proposal will be required to ratify the 2019 executive compensation for the Company's executive officers. Abstentions will have the same effect as a vote against Proposal No. 2, but broker non-votes will have no effect on Proposal No. 2.
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT STOCKHOLDERS VOTE
"FOR" THE ADVISORY VOTE TO APPROVE EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
PROPOSAL NO. 3:
ADVISORY VOTE ON THE FREQUENCY OF FUTURE ADVISORY VOTES ON EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
As described in Proposal 2 above, the Company's stockholders are being provided the opportunity to cast an advisory non-binding vote on the Company's executive compensation program.
This Proposal 3 affords stockholders the opportunity to cast an advisory vote on how often the Company should include an advisory vote on executive compensation in its proxy materials for future annual stockholder meetings (or special stockholder meetings for which the Company must include executive compensation information in the proxy statement for that meeting). Under this Proposal 3, stockholders may vote to have future advisory votes on executive compensation every year, every two years or every three years.
The Company believes that advisory votes on executive compensation should be conducted every three years, consistent with our long-term approach to executive compensation. We believe the Company maintains a consistent compensation philosophy designed to align executives' interests with those of stockholders and that a triennial vote will provide stockholders sufficient time to evaluate the effectiveness of our executive compensation program in relation to the Company's long-term business results. A triennial vote will also give the Board of Directors sufficient time to engage with stockholders to understand advisory vote results, respond to stockholders' feedback about Company pay practices, and implement any necessary changes to our executive compensation program.
This proposal is advisory only and will not be binding on the Company, the Board of Directors or the Compensation Committee. Although non-binding, the Board of Directors and the Compensation Committee will carefully review the voting results. Notwithstanding the Board's recommendation and the outcome of the stockholder vote, the Board may in the future decide to conduct advisory votes on executive compensation on a more or less frequent basis and may vary its practice based on factors such as discussions with stockholders and the adoption of material changes to the Company's executive compensation program.
In voting on this proposal, stockholders will be able to indicate their preference regarding the frequency of future advisory votes on executive compensation by specifying a choice of one year, two years or three years. Stockholders that do not have a preference regarding the frequency of future advisory votes on executive compensation should abstain from voting on the proposal. Stockholders will not be voting to approve or disapprove the recommendation of the Board of Directors.
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT STOCKHOLDERS VOTE TO
HOLD FUTURE ADVISORY VOTES ON EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION EVERY THREE YEARS
(AS OPPOSED TO EVERY YEAR OR EVERY TWO YEARS).
PROPOSAL NO. 4:
RATIFICATION OF SELECTION OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
The Audit Committee has appointed WithumSmith+Brown PC ("Withum") as the independent registered public accounting firm of the Company to audit its financial statements for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2019, and the Board requests stockholder ratification of such selection. Withum has served as the Company's independent accountants since 2017 and has advised the Company that neither Withum nor any of its members has, or has had in the past three years, any financial interest in the Company or any relation to the Company other than as auditors and accountants.
On January 6, 2016, Dixon Hughes Goodman LLP ("DHG") announced that directors and employees of Stegman & Company ("Stegman") will join DHG as of June 1, 2016. Stegman & Company resigned as the Company's independent registered public accounting firm and DHG became the Company's independent registered public accounting firm effective June 1, 2016. The engagement of DHG was approved by the Audit Committee of the Company's Board of Directors effective June 1, 2016. Prior to DHG's representation of the Company, Stegman & Company served as the Company's independent accountants since 1993. On September 18, 2017, the Company with the approval of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors dismissed DHG as the Company's independent registered public accounting firm and appointed Withum as the Company's new independent registered public accounting firm.
During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, and the subsequent period through September 18, 2017 there were no disagreements with DHG or Stegman on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreements, if not resolved to the satisfaction of DHG would have caused DHG or Stegman to make reference to the subject matter of the disagreements in their respective reports. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 and the subsequent period through September 18, 2017, there have been no reportable events (as defined in Regulation S-K 304(a)(1)(v)).
During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, and the subsequent interim period through September 18, 2017, the date of DHG's dismissal, neither the Company, nor anyone on its behalf, consulted Withum regarding either (i) the application of accounting principles to a specific transaction, either completed or proposed; or the type of audit opinion that might be rendered on the registrant's financial statements, and no written report or oral advice was provided to the Company that was an important factor considered by the Company in reaching its decision as to an accounting, auditing, or financial reporting issue; or (ii) any matter that was either the subject of a disagreement (as defined in paragraph 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K and the related instructions) or a reportable event (as described in paragraph 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K).
Representatives of Withum are expected to be present at the Company's Annual Meeting, will be given the opportunity to make a statement if they so desire and are expected to be available to respond to appropriate questions.
FEES
The following table presents fees as invoiced for professional audit services rendered for the audit of the Company's annual financial statements included in the Company's Form 10-K and review of quarterly financial statements included in the Company's Forms 10-Q for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017, and fees for other services rendered during those periods:
Audit fees consist of fees for professional services rendered by Withum and DHG for the audits of the Company's annual financial statements in the Company's Form 10-K and for reviews of the quarterly financial statements included in the Company's Forms 10-Q. Audit related fees pertain to the work performed during the Company's equity offerings in 2018 and 2017. Tax fees consist of fees for preparation of the Company's federal and state tax returns. All other fees consist of fees for attendance at the Company's annual meetings, review of registration statements and similar matters.
SERVICES BY EMPLOYEES OF WITHUMSMITH + BROWN PC AND DIXON HUGHES GOODMAN LLP
No part of Withum's engagement to audit the Company's financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 was attributable to work performed by persons other than Withum's full-time, permanent employees.
AUDIT COMMITTEE POLICY ON APPROVAL OF AUDIT AND NON-AUDIT SERVICES
It is the policy of the Audit Committee to pre-approve all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by the Company's independent accountants, in accordance with rules prescribed by the SEC. These services may include audit services, audit-related services, tax services, and other services. Pre-approval is based on a written proposal, accompanied by a cost estimate and estimated budget. The Audit Committee has delegated to its Chairman the authority to pre-approve audit and non-audit services with an estimated cost of up to $25,000, provided the exercise of such authority is reported to the Audit Committee at its next regular meeting. The Audit Committee reserves the right, from time to time, to delegate pre-approval authority to other of its members, so long as such members are independent directors. All audit and permissible non-audit services during 2018 and 2017 were approved by the Audit Committee in accordance with its pre-approval policy and the approval requirements of the SEC.
Stockholder ratification of the selection of Withum as the Company's independent registered public accounting firm is not required by the Company's Bylaws or other applicable legal or regulatory requirements. However, the Board, upon the recommendation of the Audit Committee, is submitting the selection of Withum to the stockholders for ratification as a matter of good corporate practice. If the stockholders fail to ratify the selection of Withum, the Audit Committee will reconsider whether or not to retain that firm, or whether to retain a different firm. Even if the selection is ratified, the Audit Committee, in its discretion, may direct the appointment of a different independent accounting firm at any time during the year if it determines that such a change would be in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders.
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS A VOTE "FOR" THE PROPOSAL TO RATIFY THE SELECTION OF WITHUMSMITH + BROWN PC AS THE INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM FOR THE COMPANY FOR THE YEAR ENDING DECEMBER 31, 2019.
PROPOSAL NO. 5:
AMENDMENT OF THE CELSION CORPORATION 2018 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN
BACKGROUND
At the 2019 Annual Meeting, stockholders will be asked to approve the following amendment to the Celsion Corporation 2018 Stock Incentive Plan (the "2018 Plan"), which were adopted by the Board of Directors on February 19, 2019 and approved by the Company's stockholders on May 15, 2018.
As of March 28, 2019, a total of 3,371,241 shares of common stock were subject to outstanding stock options and restricted stock awards granted under the 2018 Plan. The outstanding stock options have a weighted average strike price of $2.62 per share with a weighted average term of 9.0 years. An additional 20,652 shares of common stock were available for new award grants under the 2018 Plan. The Board of Directors recommends the increase in the number of shares available under the 2018 Plan to provide the Company the ability to provide eligible officers, directors, key employees and other individuals with additional incentives to contribute to the future success of the Company. In the judgment of the Board of Directors, awards under the 2018 Plan are a valuable and critical incentive and will serve to the ultimate benefit of the stockholders by aligning more closely the interests of the 2018 Plan participants with those of our stockholders.
The Board of Directors believes that the proposed 2018 Plan amendment is essential for the ongoing success of the Company, the implementation of its product and/or technology acquisition strategy and its ability to recruit, retain and reward key employees. The Board of Directors also believes that if the proposed amendments are not approved, Celsion's ability to align the interests of key employees with stockholders through equity-based compensation would be compromised, disrupting the Company's compensation program and impairing Celsion's ability to recruit and retain key employees. The Board of Directors recommends approval of the proposed 2018 Plan amendment for the following reasons:
As discussed above under "Executive Compensation — Compensation Discussion and Analysis," we consider equity and equity-based compensation to be a key component of our compensation program and believe that it is essential to attract, motivate, and retain talented, experienced, and committed employees and to incentivize our employees to achieve our short- and long-term goals. On February 12, 2018, the Board of Directors, upon the recommendation of the Compensation Committee and subject to shareholder approval, adopted the Celsion Corporation 2018 Stock Incentive Plan in the form attached as Appendix A to this proxy statement, which later was approved by our stockholders at the 2018 Annual Meeting on May 15, 2018. The 2018 Plan replaced the Company's 2007 Stock Incentive Plan. The 2018 Stock Incentive Plan constitutes the only plan we currently utilize to provide equity and equity-based incentive compensation to eligible employees, consultants and directors.
Historical Company Equity Usage. We believe that our historic equity usage has been reasonable in light of competitive considerations and the potential dilutive impact of equity award grants on our stockholders. Celsion's average three-year "run rate" was 8.36% as a percentage of weighted common shares outstanding which compares favorably to the Non-Russell 3000 Index (Pharmaceuticals, Biotechnology & Life Science) mean run rate of 9.86% for that same three-year period (with the run rate in each case calculated the number of shares subject to stock options and other equity awards granted during that period). We do not currently anticipate that our future annual long-term incentive grants will significantly exceed this run rate. As noted above, the number of shares of common stock currently available for future grants under the 2018 Plan is only 20,652 shares, demonstrating our need for additional shares to provide Celsion greater flexibility to structure future incentives and to better attract, retain and award key employees to execute our current business plans and strategies. For more information on our past grants under the 2018 Plan, see "Potential Dilution and Burn Rate" below.
The Need to Provide Competitive Compensation. Similar to other companies in our industry, we believe equity compensation is integral in providing a competitive total compensation package necessary to recruit, retain and reward key employees. Equity awards are commonly used by companies our size, and the ability to provide competitive grants is essential to competing in our labor markets. Therefore, we believe it is imperative to provide long-term incentive awards as a component of our compensation program. We will continue to seek an appropriate balance between meeting employee hiring, retention, and compensation goals and avoiding excessive stockholder dilution.
Cash Compensation Expense Increase. If our ability to provide equity compensation is impaired, the Company's cash compensation costs could increase substantially to offset equity compensation typically provided in the marketplace. We believe it is important that we use our cash resources to operate and expand our business, rather than unnecessarily divert cash to pay compensation.
If stockholders do not approve this 2018 Plan amendment, the current share limits under, and other terms and conditions of the 2018 Plan will continue in effect.
Potential Dilution and Burn Rate
The following paragraphs include additional information to help you assess the potential dilutive impact of the Company's outstanding equity awards under the 2018 Plan.
The following table shows the total number of shares of our common stock that were subject to outstanding restricted stock and restricted stock unit awards granted under the 2018 Plan, that were subject to outstanding stock options granted under the 2018 Plan, and that were then available for new award grants under the 2018 Plan as of December 31, 2018 and as of March 28, 2019.
As of December 31, 2018, a total of 3,171,243 shares of our common stock were subject to all outstanding awards granted under the 2018 Plan and stock awards that were not granted under any plan (e.g. inducement grants). All of these outstanding stock option awards then subject to outstanding stock options having a weighted average strike price of $2.62 per share with a remaining term of 9.1 years.
As of March 28, 2019, a total of 3,371,241 shares of our common stock were subject to all outstanding awards granted under the 2018 Plan. All of these outstanding awards stock option and restrict stock awards have a weighted average strike price of $2.62 per share with a remaining term of 9.0 years.
The weighted-average number of shares of the Company's common stock issued and outstanding in each of the last three fiscal years is 1,854,054 shares issued and outstanding in 2016; 7,627,210 shares issued and outstanding in 2017; and 17,582,879 shares issued and outstanding in 2018. The number of shares of the Company's common stock issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2018 and March 28, 2019 was 18,831,834 shares and 19,562,020 shares, respectively.
The total number of shares of the Company's common stock subject to awards that the Company granted under the 2018 Plan over the last two fiscal years and to date as of March 28, 2019 are as follows:
The Compensation Committee anticipates that the aggregate share limit of 4,591,393 shares requested for the 2018 Plan and assuming usual levels of shares becoming available for new awards as a result of forfeitures of outstanding awards, will provide the Company with flexibility to continue to grant equity awards under the 2018 Plan for the next two years. However, this is only an estimate, in the Company's judgment, based on current circumstances. The total number of shares that are subject to the Company's award grants in any one year or from year-to-year may change based on any number of variables, including, without limitation, the value of the Company's common stock (since higher stock prices generally require fewer shares to be issued to produce awards of the same grant date fair value), changes in competitors' compensation practices, changes in compensation practices in the market generally, changes in the number of employees, changes in the number of directors and officers, whether and the extent to which vesting conditions applicable to equity-based awards are satisfied, acquisition activity and the need to grant awards to new employees in connection with acquisitions, the need to attract, retain and incentivize key talent, the type of awards the Company grants and how the Company chooses to balance total compensation between cash and equity-based awards.
The closing market price for a share of the Company's common stock as of March 28, 2019 was $1.99 per share.
SUMMARY DESCRIPTION OF THE 2018 PLAN
The following summary provides a description of the significant provisions of the 2018 Plan, as amended. However, the summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the 2018 Plan, which has been filed as an exhibit to the copy of this Proxy Statement that was filed electronically with the SEC and can be reviewed on the SEC's website at http://www.sec.gov.
Plan Highlights
Some of the key features of the 2018 Plan include:
[BEGIN TABLE]
● The                                           2018 Plan prohibits liberal share recycling – meaning that shares tendered to pay                                           the exercise price, or the withholding taxes related to an award may not be recycled                                           back into the 2018 Plan;  
● The                                           2018 Plan prohibits liberal share recycling – meaning that shares tendered to pay                                           the exercise price, or the withholding taxes related to an award may not be recycled                                           back into the 2018 Plan;  
[END TABLE]
Administration
The 2018 Plan will be administered by a committee designated by the Board (the "Plan Committee"), consisting of two or more members of the Board, each of whom may be (i) a "non-employee director" within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act and (ii) "independent" within the meaning of the rules of the NASDAQ Capital Market or, if Company common stock is not listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market, within the meaning of the rules of the principal stock exchange on which Company common stock is then traded. It is expected that our Compensation committee will administer the 2018 Plan
Subject to the express provisions of the 2018 Plan, the Plan Committee will have the authority to select eligible persons to receive awards and determine all of the terms and conditions of each award. All awards will be evidenced by an agreement containing such provisions not inconsistent with the 2018 Plan as the Plan Committee will approve. The Plan Committee will also have authority to establish rules and regulations for administering the 2018 Plan and to decide questions of interpretation or application of any provision of the 2018 Plan. The Plan Committee may, in its sole discretion and for any reason at any time, take action such that (i) any or all outstanding options and SARs will become exercisable in part or in full, (ii) all or a portion of a restriction period on any award will lapse, (iii) all or a portion of any performance period applicable to any award will lapse and (iv) any performance measures applicable to any outstanding award will be deemed satisfied at target, maximum or any other level.
The Plan Committee may delegate some or all of its power and authority under the 2018 Plan to the Board (or any members thereof) or, subject to applicable law, a subcommittee of the Board, a member of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or other executive officer of the Company as the Plan Committee deems appropriate, except that it may not delegate its power and authority to a member of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or any executive officer with regard to awards to persons who are subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act.
Available Shares
Subject to the adjustment provisions set forth in the 2018 Plan, the number of shares of common stock available for awards under the 2018 Plan as amended, other than substitute awards granted in connection with a corporate transaction, is equal to the sum of (i) 3,900,000 shares of Company common stock and (ii) the number of shares of Company common stock that remain available for future issuance under the 2007 Plan as of the effective date of the 2018 Plan. All of the available shares of common stock under the 2018 Plan may be issued in connection with incentive stock options.
The number of available shares will be reduced by the sum of the aggregate number of shares of common stock which become subject to outstanding options, free-standing SARs, Stock Awards and performance awards. To the extent that shares of common stock subject to an outstanding option, free-standing SARs, Stock Award or performance award granted under the 2018 Plan or the 2007 Plan, other than substitute awards granted in connection with a corporate transaction, are not issued or delivered by reason of (i) the expiration, termination, cancellation or forfeiture of such award (excluding shares of common stock subject to an option cancelled upon settlement of a related tandem SAR or subject to a tandem SAR cancelled upon exercise of a related option), or (ii) the settlement of such award in cash, then such shares of common stock will again be available under the 2018 Plan. Shares of common stock subject to an award under the 2018 Plan or a Prior Plan will not again be available for issuance under the 2018 Plan if such shares are (a) shares that were subject to an option or stock-settled SAR and were not issued or delivered upon the net settlement or net exercise of such option or SAR, (b) shares delivered to or withheld by the Company to pay the purchase price or the withholding taxes relating to an outstanding award or (c) shares repurchased by the Company on the open market with the proceeds of an option exercise.
Change in Control
Subject to the terms of the applicable award agreement, in the event of a change in control, the Board, as constituted prior to the change in control, may, in its discretion take one of the following actions: (i) require that (a) some or all outstanding options and SARs will become exercisable in full or in part, either immediately or upon a subsequent termination of employment, (b) the restriction period applicable to some or all outstanding Stock Awards will lapse in full or in part, either immediately or upon a subsequent termination of employment, (C) the performance period applicable to some or all outstanding awards will lapse in full or in part, and (D) the performance measures applicable to some or all outstanding awards will be deemed satisfied at the target, maximum or any other level; (ii) require that shares of stock of the company resulting from or succeeding to the business of the Company pursuant to such change in control, or the parent thereof, be substituted for some or all of the shares of Company common stock subject to outstanding awards as determined by the Board; and/or (iii) require outstanding awards to be surrendered to the Company in exchange for a payment of cash, shares of common stock in the company resulting from the change in control, or the parent thereof, or a combination of cash and shares.
Under the terms of the 2018 Plan, a change in control is generally defined as follows:
Effective Date, Termination and Amendment
The 2018 Plan will become effective as of the date on which the 2018 Plan was approved by stockholders and will terminate as of the first annual meeting to occur on or after the tenth anniversary of the effective date, unless earlier terminated by the Board. If approved by the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of common stock present in person or represented by proxy at the Annual Meeting, the amendment to the 2018 Plan to increase the aggregate number of shares reserved for issuance under the 2018 Plan shall become effective as of the date of the 2019 Annual Stockholders Meeting. Awards hereunder may be made at any time prior to the termination of the 2018 Plan, provided that no incentive stock option may be granted later than ten years after the date on which the 2018 Plan was approved by the Board. The Board may amend the 2018 Plan at any time, subject to stockholder approval if (i) required by applicable law, rule or regulation, including any rule of the NASDAQ Capital Market or any other stock exchange on which the common stock is then traded, or (ii) such amendment modifies the option and SAR repricing provisions in the 2018 Plan. No amendment may materially impair the rights of a holder of an outstanding award without the consent of such holder.
Eligibility
Participants in the 2018 Plan will consist of such officers, other employees, non-employee directors, consultants, independent contractors and agents and persons expected to become officers, other employees, non-employee directors, consultants, independent contractors and agents of the Company and its affiliates and subsidiaries, as selected by the Plan Committee. As of March 29, 2019, approximately four officers, twenty employees, six non-employee directors and four non-employee consultants would be eligible to participate in the 2018 Plan.
Stock Options and SARs
The 2018 Plan provides for the grant of non-qualified stock options, incentive stock options and SARs. The Plan Committee will determine the conditions to the exercisability of each option and SAR.
Each option will be exercisable for no more than ten years after its date of grant, unless the option is an incentive stock option and the optionee owns greater than ten percent (10%) of the voting power of all shares of capital stock of the Company (a "ten percent holder"), in which case the option will be exercisable for no more than five years after its date of grant. Except in the case of substitute awards granted in connection with a corporate transaction, the exercise price of an option will not be less than 100% of the fair market value of a share of common stock on the date of grant, unless the option is an incentive stock option and the optionee is a ten percent holder, in which case the option exercise price will be the price required by the Code, currently 110% of fair market value.
Each SAR will be exercisable for no more than ten years after its date of grant provided that no SAR granted in tandem with an option (a "tandem SAR") will be exercisable later than the expiration, termination, cancellation, forfeiture or other termination of the related option. The base price of an SAR will not be less than 100% of the fair market value of a share of common stock on the date of grant (or, if earlier, the date of grant of the option for which the SAR is exchanged or substituted), provided that the base price of a tandem SAR will be the exercise price of the related option. An SAR entitles the holder to receive upon exercise (subject to withholding taxes) shares of common stock (which may be restricted stock), cash or a combination thereof with a value equal to the difference between the fair market value of the common stock on the exercise date and the base price of the SAR.
All of the terms relating to the exercise, cancellation or other disposition of options and SARs following the termination of employment of a participant, whether by reason of disability, retirement, death or any other reason, will be determined by the Plan Committee.
The Plan Committee shall not, without the approval of the stockholders of the Company, (i) reduce the purchase price or base price of any previously granted option or SAR, (ii) cancel any previously granted option or SAR in exchange for another option or SAR with a lower purchase price or base price or (iii) cancel any previously granted option or SAR in exchange for cash or another award if the purchase price of such option or the base price of such SAR exceeds the fair market value of a share of common stock on the date of such cancellation, in each case, other than in connection with a change in control or the adjustment provisions set forth in the 2018 Plan.
Stock Awards
The 2018 Plan provides for the grant of Stock Awards. The Plan Committee may grant a Stock Award as a restricted stock award, a restricted stock unit award or as another stock award. Except as otherwise determined by the Plan Committee, Stock Awards will be non-transferable and subject to forfeiture if the holder does not remain continuously in the employment of the Company during the restriction period or if specified performance measures (if any) are not attained during the performance period.
Unless otherwise set forth in a restricted stock award agreement, the holder of shares of restricted stock will have rights as a stockholder of the Company, including the right to vote and receive dividends with respect to the shares of restricted stock. Distributions and dividends with respect to shares of common stock, including regular cash dividends, will be deposited with the Company and will be subject to the same restrictions as the restricted stock.
The agreement awarding restricted stock units will specify (i) whether such award may be settled in shares of common stock, cash or a combination thereof, and (ii) whether the holder will be entitled to receive dividend equivalents, with respect to such award. Any dividend equivalents with respect to restricted stock units will be subject to the same restrictions as such restricted stock units. Prior to settlement of a restricted stock unit, the holder of a restricted stock unit will have no rights as a shareholder of the Company.
The Committee may grant other awards that may be denominated or payable in, valued in whole or in part by reference to, or otherwise based on, or related to, shares of common stock, including shares of common stock granted as a bonus and not subject to any vesting conditions, dividend equivalents, deferred stock units, stock purchase rights and shares of common stock issued in lieu of obligations of the Company to pay cash under any compensatory plan or arrangement, subject to such terms as shall be determined by the Committee.
All of the terms relating to the satisfaction of performance measures and the termination of a restriction period, or the forfeiture and cancellation of a Stock Award upon a termination of employment, whether by reason of disability, retirement, death or any other reason or during a paid or unpaid leave of absence, will be determined by the Plan Committee.
Performance Awards
The 2018 Plan also provides for the grant of performance awards. The agreement relating to a performance award will specify whether such award may be settled in shares of common stock (including shares of restricted stock), cash or a combination thereof. The agreement relating to a performance award will provide, in the manner determined by the Plan Committee, for the vesting of such performance award if the specified performance measures established by the Plan Committee are satisfied or met during the specified performance period and such performance goals will be determined by the Plan Committee at the time of grant. Any dividend or dividend equivalents with respect to a performance award will be subject to the same restrictions as such performance award.
Prior to the settlement of a performance award in shares of common stock, the holder of such award will have no rights as a stockholder of the Company with respect to such shares. All of the terms relating to the satisfaction of performance measures and the termination of a performance period, or the forfeiture and cancellation of a performance award upon a termination of employment with or service to, whether by reason of disability, retirement, death or any other reason or during a paid or unpaid leave of absence, will be determined by the Plan Committee.
U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences
The following is a brief summary of certain United States federal income tax consequences generally arising with respect to awards under the 2018 Plan. This discussion does not address all aspects of the United States federal income tax consequences of participating in the 2018 Plan that may be relevant to participants in light of their personal investment or tax circumstances and does not discuss any state, local or non-United States tax consequences of participating in the 2018 Plan. Each participant is advised to consult his or her personal tax advisor concerning the application of the United States federal income tax laws to such participant's particular situation, as well as the applicability and effect of any state, local or non-United States tax laws before taking any actions with respect to any awards.
Section 162(m) of the Code
Section 162(m) of the Code limits to $1 million the amount that a publicly held corporation is allowed each year to deduct for compensation paid to the corporation's "covered employees." "Covered employees" include the corporation's chief executive officer, chief financial officer and three next most highly compensated executive officers. If an individual is determined to be a covered employee for any year beginning after December 31, 2016, then that individual will continue to be a covered employee for future years, regardless of changes in the individual's compensation or position.
Stock Options
A participant will not recognize taxable income at the time an option is granted, and the Company will not be entitled to a tax deduction at that time. A participant will recognize compensation taxable as ordinary income (and if the participant is an employee, will be subject to income tax withholding) upon exercise of a non-qualified stock option equal to the excess of the fair market value of the shares purchased on such date over their exercise price, and the Company will be entitled to a corresponding deduction, except to the extent the deduction limits of Section 162(m) of the Code apply. A participant will not recognize income (except for purposes of the alternative minimum tax) upon exercise of an incentive stock option. If the shares acquired by exercise of an incentive stock option are held for at least two years from the date the option was granted and one year from the date it was exercised, any gain or loss arising from a subsequent disposition of those shares will be taxed as long-term capital gain or loss, and the Company will not be entitled to any deduction. If, however, those shares are disposed of within the above-described period, then in the year of that disposition the participant will recognize compensation taxable as ordinary income equal to the excess of the lesser of (i) the amount realized upon that disposition and (ii) the fair market value of those shares on the date of exercise over the exercise price, and the Company will be entitled to a corresponding deduction, except to the extent the deduction limits of Section 162(m) of the Code apply.
SARs
A participant will not recognize taxable income at the time SARs are granted, and the Company will not be entitled to a tax deduction at that time. Upon exercise, the participant will recognize compensation taxable as ordinary income (and if the participant is an employee, will be subject to income tax withholding) in an amount equal to the fair market value of any shares delivered and the amount of cash paid by the Company. This amount is deductible by the Company as compensation expense, except to the extent the deduction limits of Section 162(m) of the Code apply.
Stock Awards
A participant will not recognize taxable income at the time stock subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture ("restricted stock") is granted, and the Company will not be entitled to a tax deduction at that time, unless the participant makes an election to be taxed at that time. If such election is made, the participant will recognize compensation taxable as ordinary income (and if the participant is an employee, will be subject to income tax withholding) at the time of the grant in an amount equal to the excess of the fair market value of the shares at such time over the amount, if any, paid for those shares. If such election is not made, the participant will recognize compensation taxable as ordinary income (and if the participant is an employee, will be subject to income tax withholding) at the time the restrictions constituting a substantial risk of forfeiture lapse in an amount equal to the excess of the fair market value of the shares at such time over the amount, if any, paid for those shares. The amount of ordinary income recognized by making the above-described election or upon the lapse of restrictions constituting a substantial risk of forfeiture is deductible by the Company as compensation expense, except to the extent the deduction limits of Section 162(m) of the Code apply.
A participant will not recognize taxable income at the time a restricted stock unit is granted, and the Company will not be entitled to a tax deduction at that time. Upon settlement of restricted stock units, the participant will recognize compensation taxable as ordinary income (and if the participant is an employee, will be subject to income tax withholding) in an amount equal to the fair market value of any shares delivered and the amount of any cash paid by the Company. The amount of ordinary income recognized is deductible by the Company as compensation expense, except to the extent the deduction limits of Section 162(m) of the Code apply.
The tax treatment, including the timing of taxation, of any other type of stock award will depend on the terms of such award at the time of grant.
Performance Awards
A participant will not recognize taxable income at the time performance awards are granted, and the Company will not be entitled to a tax deduction at that time. Upon settlement of performance awards, the participant will recognize compensation taxable as ordinary income (and if the participant is an employee, will be subject to income tax withholding) in an amount equal to the fair market value of any shares delivered and the amount of cash paid by the Company. This amount is deductible by the Company as compensation expense, except to the extent the deduction limits of Section 162(m) of the Code apply.
New Plan Benefits
The Committee has the discretion to grant awards under the 2018 Plan and, therefore, it is not possible as of the date of this proxy statement to determine future awards that will be received by the Company's named executive officers or others under the 2018 Plan. Accordingly, in lieu of providing information regarding benefits that will be received under the 2018 Plan, as amended, the following table provides information concerning the benefits that were received by the following persons and groups during 2018 under the 2018 Plan: each named executive officer; all current executive officers, as a group; all current directors who are not executive officers, as a group; and all current employees who are not executive officers, as a group.
The Board believes that the adoption of the increase in the number of shares available for issuance under the 2018 Plan will promote the interests of the Company and its stockholders and will help the Company continue to be able to attract, retain and reward persons important to our success. All members of the Board and all of our executive officers are eligible for awards under the 2018 Plan and thus have a personal interest in the approval of the proposal to increase the number of shares available for issuance under the 2018 Plan.
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS A VOTE "FOR" THE PROPOSAL TO APPROVE THE AMENDMENT OF THE CELSION CORPORATION 2018 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN AS DESCRIBED ABOVE.
STOCKHOLDER NOMINATIONS AND PROPOSALS FOR
THE 2020 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
If a stockholder wants the Company to include a proposal in the Company's proxy statement for presentation at our 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders in accordance with Rule 14a-8 promulgated by the SEC under the Exchange Act, the proposal must be received by the Company no later than December 2, 2019. Such proposals should be directed to Celsion Corporation, 997 Lenox Drive, Lawrenceville, NJ 08648, Attention: Corporate Secretary.
A stockholder may also nominate directors or have other business brought before the 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders by submitting the nomination or proposal to the Company, not later than the close of business on the 90th calendar day, nor earlier than the close of business on the 120th calendar day, in advance of the anniversary of the 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders; provided, however, in the event that the date of the 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders is more than thirty calendar days before or more than thirty calendar days after such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so received no earlier than the close of business on the 120th calendar day in advance of such date of annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the 90th calendar day in advance of such date of annual meeting or the 10th calendar day following the date on which public announcement of the date of the meeting is first made. The nomination or proposal must be delivered to the Company's executive offices at 997 Lenox Drive, Suite 100, Lawrenceville, NJ 08648, Attention: Corporate Secretary no earlier than February 14, 2020 and no later than March 16, 2020. Any stockholder considering submitting a nominee or proposal for action at our 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders is directed to the Company's Bylaws, which contain additional requirements as to submission of nominations for directors or proposals for stockholder action. Copies of the Bylaws may be obtained upon request to the Company's Corporate Secretary. Stockholder proposals or nominations must include the specified information concerning the stockholder and the proposal or nominee as described in our Bylaws.
WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
The Company files annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. You may read and copy any document that the Company files at the Public Reference Room of the SEC at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. You may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. In addition, the SEC maintains a website at http://www.sec.gov , from which interested persons can electronically access the Company's SEC filings.
The SEC allows the Company to "incorporate by reference" certain information the Company files with it, which means that the Company can disclose important information to you by referring you to those documents. The information incorporated by reference is considered to be part of this Proxy Statement, and information that the Company files later with the SEC will automatically update and supersede previously filed information, including information contained in this document. The Company is incorporating by reference the following, which include the information required by Item 13(a) of Schedule 14A and further information concerning the transactions described in Proposal 3:
In addition, all documents the Company files under Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act after the date of this Proxy Statement and before the date of the Annual Meeting are incorporated by reference into and deemed a part of this Proxy Statement from the date of filing of those documents.
Any person, including any beneficial owner, to whom this Proxy Statement is delivered may request copies of reports, proxy statements or other information concerning the Company (including the documents incorporated by reference herein) without charge, by written or telephonic request directed to the Corporate Secretary, Celsion Corporation, 997 Lenox Drive, Suite 100, Lawrenceville, New Jersey 08648.
 