
Name   
(a)Mr. Rosenberg retired from the Company's Board of Directors and Finance Committee effective December 31, 2018. 
(1)The amount for Mr. Anderson represents a prorated annual incentive cash award to account for his promotion to Chief Financial Officer as of August 1, 2018. 
Name and Principal Position  
(a)Base salary includes compensation deferred under the CNA 401(k) Plus Plan and CNA Non-Qualified Savings Plan.   (b)For Mr. Mense, represents a cash bonus payment pursuant to a retention agreement dated February 4, 2016.   (c)Represents the full grant date fair value of stock awards for fiscal years 2016, 2017 and 2018, in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718. Please see Note J to our consolidated financial statements included in our 2018 Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. For the performance share unit awards for Messrs. Robusto, Anderson, Mense, Worman, Leidwinger and Smith the amount reported assumes target level achievement, please refer to the "Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table" and "Stock-Based Awards" section of the Compensation Discussion and Analysis for more details on these awards.   (d)Amounts disclosed for 2018 include annual incentive cash awards. Amounts disclosed for 2016 and 2017 include annual incentive cash awards and long-term cash awards. Long-term cash awards for 2016 and 2017 were earned based on adjusted book value targets over a three-year performance period (please see table below for additional information).   (e)None of the NEOs receive benefits under the qualified or non-qualified pension plan.   (f)Please refer to the All Other Compensation Table below for additional information.  
(a)Represents amounts for personal use of Company aircraft which represents the aggregate incremental cost to the Company. Aggregate incremental cost calculation includes variable costs associated with the personal use of Company aircraft and includes but is not limited to the following: fuel, maintenance labor and parts, engine maintenance, landing/parking fees, crew expenses, catering and supplies.   (b)Under the Internal Revenue Code, the Company is required to impute income to each NEO for the value of perquisites. The amounts represented are reimbursements for taxes on imputed income related to personal use of Company aircraft applying the Standard Industry Fare Level (SIFL) methodology (Mr. Robusto), spousal travel on the Company aircraft (Mr.Worman) and financial tax planning services (Mr. Smith). The Company determined to prohibit tax gross-ups in connection with personal use of corporate aircraft and financial tax planning services beginning in 2019.   (c)Represents dividend equivalent payments made in connection with vesting of performance share units or restricted share units.  
(a)These amounts represent annual incentive cash awards granted under the Incentive Compensation Plan. The awards for each of the NEOs consist of an amount equal to a portion of that percentage of CI established by the Compensation Committee as the annual performance goal, subject to maximum amounts. The actual 2018 annual incentive cash award achievements were determined and approved by the Compensation Committee on February 5, 2019 and are reflected in the Summary Compensation Table under the Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation column. Please refer to the "Annual Incentive Cash Compensation Awards" section of the Compensation Discussion and Analysis for more information concerning these awards. 
(b)These amounts represent Core Income-based long-term incentive awards made under the Incentive Compensation Plan which is administered by the Compensation Committee. The award has a 100% equity component. The Core Income-based long-term incentive PSP awards are granted annually and are earned based on Core Income for the performance year period and will become payable to the extent that specified targets are achieved and only after a two-year vesting cycle following the end of the performance period. Payouts, if any, may range from 0% to 200% of target, based on the attainment of the performance goals. Only awards related to the 2018 performance cycle are included in this table. Please refer to the Incentive Compensation Awards section of the Compensation Discussion & Analysis for more information concerning these awards.   (c)Represents full grant date fair value of 2018 awards calculated in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718. Please see Note J to our consolidated financial statements included in our 2018 Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. There can be no assurance that amounts shown under the Grant Date Fair Value of Stock Awards will ever be realized by the NEOs.  
(a)Represents outstanding performance share unit awards for the PSP 2016 performance cycle at actual achievement. At the January 31, 2017 Compensation Committee meeting, the Compensation Committee determined that the achievement for these awards was 100%. Such performance share unit awards vest on March 15, 2019. For more information regarding the performance shares, please refer to the "Compensation Discussion and Analysis—Incentive Compensation Awards" section. The actual value of awards at the end of the performance period may vary from the valuations indicated above.   (b)Represents outstanding performance share unit awards for the PSP 2017 performance cycle at actual achievement. At the February 6, 2018 Compensation Committee meeting, the Compensation Committee determined that the achievement for these awards was equal to 115%. Such performance share unit awards will vest no later than March 2020. For information regarding the performance shares, please refer to the "Compensation Discussion and Analysis—Incentive Compensation Awards" section. The actual value of awards at the end of the performance period may vary from the valuations indicated above.   (c)Represents outstanding performance share unit awards for the PSP 2018 performance cycle at actual achievement. At the February 5, 2019 Compensation Committee meeting, the Compensation Committee determined that the achievement for these awards was equal to 108%. Such performance share unit awards will vest no later than March 2021. For information regarding the performance shares, please refer to the "Compensation Discussion and Analysis—Incentive Compensation Awards" section. The actual value of awards at the end of the performance period may vary from the valuations indicated above.   (d)Represents an initial grant of restricted stock units upon commencement of employment. These outstanding restricted stock units vest on the second anniversary of the grant date. The actual value of awards at the end of the performance period may vary from the valuations indicated above.  
(a)Reflects amounts that have been reported as Salary in the Summary Compensation Table.   (b)Includes Company performance and additional matching contributions, as further explained below, credited to the NEO's account in the 2018 calendar year for 2017 performance. Company performance and additional matching contributions for 2018 performance will be credited to the NEOs account in the first quarter of 2019 and are not reflected in this table. For information regarding employer contributions, please refer to the discussion in the "Narrative Supplement to the 2018 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Table" section following this table. 
(a)The amounts reported in this row represent the aggregate value of equity awards that would vest in connection with a termination of employment based on the closing price per share of our common stock on December, 31, 2018. 
(b)Severance Related payments includes severance payments due to the executive in connection with his termination as described in the "Narrative Supplement to the 2018 Summary Compensation Table and the 2018 Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table" section, that may become payable as a result of such termination.   (c)The amount reported in this row represents the present value of continuing Mr. Robusto's life insurance benefit at the same level and cost to him as immediately preceding the date of termination for 24 months in the event of termination without cause or for good reason, and 12 months in the event of death or disability. 
*** Exercise   Your Right to Vote *** Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy   Materials for the Stockholder Meeting to Be Held on April 24, 2019 CNA   FINANCIAL CORPORATION You are receiving this communication because you hold   shares in the above named company. This is not a ballot. You cannot use this   notice to vote these shares. This communication presents only an overview of   the more complete proxy materials that are available to you on the Internet.   You may view the proxy materials online at www.proxyvote.com or easily   request a paper copy (see reverse side). We encourage you to access and   review all of the important information contained in the proxy materials   before voting. CNA FINANCIAL CORPORATION C/O BROADRIDGE P.O. BOX 1342   BRENTWOOD, NY 11717 0000403520_1 R1.0.1.18 See the reverse side of this   notice to obtain proxy materials and voting instructions. Meeting Information   Meeting Type: Annual Meeting For holders as of: March 01, 2019 Date: April   24, 2019Time: 7:30 AM CDT Location: 151 North Franklin Street Chicago,   Illinois 60606  
Before You Vote   How to Access the Proxy Materials Proxy Materials Available to VIEW or   RECEIVE: Have the information that is printed in the box marked by the arrow   (located on the by the arrow (located on the following page) in the subject   line. How To Vote Please Choose One of the Following Voting Methods   possession available and follow the instructions. marked by the arrow   0000403520_2 R1.0.1.18 Vote In Person: Many stockholder meetings have attendance   requirements including, but not limited to, the of an attendance ticket   issued by the entity holding the meeting. Please check the meeting materials   for any specia requirements for meeting attendance. At the meeting, you will   need to request a ballot to vote these shares. Vote By Internet: To vote now   by Internet, go to www.proxyvote.com. Have the information that is printed in   the box Vote By Mail: You can vote by mail by requesting a paper copy of the   materials, which will include a proxy card. l 1. Annual Report2. Notice &   Proxy Statement How to View Online: following page) and visit:   www.proxyvote.com. How to Request and Receive a PAPER or E-MAIL Copy: If you   want to receive a paper or e-mail copy of these documents, you must request   one. There is NO charge for requesting a copy. Please choose one of the   following methods to make your request: 1) BY INTERNET:www.proxyvote.com 2)   BY TELEPHONE:1-800-579-1639 3) BY E-MAIL*:sendmaterial@proxyvote.com * If   requesting materials by e-mail, please send a blank e-mail with the   information that is printed in the box marked Requests, instructions and   other inquiries sent to this e-mail address will NOT be forwarded to your   investment advisor. Please make the request as instructed above on or before   April 10, 2019 to facilitate timely delivery.  
The Board of   Directors recommends you vote FOR the following: 1. Election to the Board of   the eleven nominees named below: Nominees 01 06 11 Michael A. Bless Kenneth   I. Siegel Marvin Zonis 02 Jose O. Montemayor 07 Andrew H. Tisch 03 Don M.   Randel 08 Benjamin J. Tisch 04 Andre Rice 09 James S. Tisch 05 Dino E.   Robusto 10 Jane J. Wang The Board of Directors recommends you vote FOR   proposals 2. and 3.. 2. An Advisory, (non-binding) vote to approve named   executive officer compensation. 3. Ratification of the appointment of   Deloitte & Touche LLP as independent registered public accountants for   the Company for 2019. NOTE: THIS PROXY WHEN PROPERLY EXECUTED WILL BE VOTED   AS DIRECTED OR, IF NO DIRECTION IS GIVEN, WILL BE VOTED FOR PROPOSALS 1, 2   and 3. 0000403520_3 R1.0.1.18 Voting items  
0000403520_4   R1.0.1.18  
VOTE BY   INTERNET - www.proxyvote.com Use the Internet to transmit your voting   instructions and for electronic delivery of information up until 11:59 P.M.   Eastern Time the day before the cut-off date or meeting date. Have your proxy   card in hand when you access the web site and follow the instructions to   obtain your records and to create an electronic voting instruction form. CNA   FINANCIAL CORPORATION C/O BROADRIDGE P.O. BOX 1342 BRENTWOOD, NY 11717   ELECTRONIC DELIVERY OF FUTURE PROXY MATERIALS If you would like to reduce the   costs incurred by our company in mailing proxy materials, you can consent to   receiving all future proxy statements, proxy cards and annual reports   electronically via e-mail or the Internet. To sign up for electronic   delivery, please follow the instructions above to vote using the Internet   and, when prompted, indicate that you agree to receive or access proxy   materials electronically in future years. VOTE BY PHONE - 1-800-690-6903 Use   any touch-tone telephone to transmit your voting instructions up until 11:59   P.M. Eastern Time the day before the cut-off date or meeting date. Have your   proxy card in hand when you call and then follow the instructions. VOTE BY   MAIL Mark, sign and date your proxy card and return it in the postage-paid   envelope we have provided or return it to Vote Processing, c/o Broadridge, 51   Mercedes Way, Edgewood, NY 11717. TO VOTE, MARK BLOCKS BELOW IN BLUE OR BLACK   INK AS FOLLOWS: KEEP THIS PORTION FOR YOUR RECORDS DETACH AND RETURN THIS   PORTION ONLY THIS PROXY CARD IS VALID ONLY WHEN SIGNED AND DATED. For   Withhold For All Except To withhold authority to vote for any individual   nominee(s), mark "For All Except" and write the number(s) of the AllAll The   Board of Directors recommends you vote FOR the following: nominee(s) on the   line below. 0 0 0 1. Election to the Board of the eleven nominees named   below: Nominees 01 Michael A. Bless 06 Kenneth I. Siegel 11 Marvin Zonis 02   Jose O. Montemayor 07 Andrew H. Tisch 03 Don M. Randel 08 Benjamin J. Tisch   04 Andre Rice 09 James S. Tisch 05 10 Dino E. Robusto Jane J. Wang The Board   of Directors recommends you vote FOR proposals 2. and 3.. 2. An Advisory,   (non-binding) vote to approve named executive officer compensation. For 0 0   Against 0 0 Abstain 0 0 3. Ratification of the appointment of Deloitte &   Touche LLP as independent registered public accountants for the Company for   2019. NOTE: THIS PROXY WHEN PROPERLY EXECUTED WILL BE VOTED AS DIRECTED OR,   IF NO DIRECTION IS GIVEN, WILL BE VOTED FOR PROPOSALS 1, 2 and 3. 0 For   address change/comments, mark here. (see reverse for instructions) Please   sign exactly as your name(s) appear(s) hereon. When signing as attorney,   executor, administrator, or other fiduciary, please give full title as such.   Joint owners should each sign personally. All holders must sign. If a   corporation or partnership, please sign in full corporate or partnership   name, by authorized officer. Signature [PLEASE SIGN WITHIN BOX] Date   Signature (Joint Owners) Date 0000403521_1 R1.0.1.18  
CNA FINANCIAL CORPORATION   ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS Wednesday, April 24, 2019 7:30 a.m. CNA   FINANCIAL CORPORATION 151 North Franklin Street Chicago, IL 60606 Important   Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual Meeting:   The Annual Report and Notice & Proxy Statement are available at   www.proxyvote.com CNA FINANCIAL CORPORATION Annual Meeting of Stockholders   April 24, 2019 7:30 AM This proxy is solicited by the Board of Directors This   proxy is solicited by the Board of Directors for the use at the Annual   Meeting on April 24, 2019 at 7:30 a.m. D.E. Robusto, A.H. Tisch, J.S. Tisch   (the "Proxy Committee"), or any of them, each with the power of   substitution, are hereby authorized to represent and vote the shares of the   undersigned, with all the powers which the undersigned would possess if   personally present, at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders of CNA Financial   Corporation to be held on April 24, 2019 or at any postponement or   adjournment thereof. Shares represented by this Proxy will be voted by the   stockholder. If no such directions are indicated, the Proxy Committee will   have authority to vote FOR the election of each of the Board's nominees for   director in Proposal 1, FOR the advisory, (non-binding) vote approving named   executive officer compensation in Proposal 2 and FOR the ratification of the   appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP as the Company's independent   registered public accountants for 2019 in Proposal 3. In its discretion, the   Proxy Committee is authorized to vote upon such other business as may   properly come before the meeting. Address change/comments: (If you noted any   Address Changes and/or Comments above, please mark corresponding box on the   reverse side.) Continued and to be signed on reverse side 0000403521_2   R1.0.1.18  