UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
SCHEDULE 14A
(RULE 14a-101)
INFORMATION REQUIRED IN PROXY STATEMENT
SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION
PROXY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 14(a) OF THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
Filed by the Registrant ☒  Filed by a Party Other Than the Registrant ☐
Check the appropriate box:
A.M. Castle & Co. 
(Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter)
(Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if Other Than the Registrant)
Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box):
[BEGIN TABLE]
  (1)  Title of each class of securities to which transaction applies:      
  (1)  Title of each class of securities to which transaction applies:      
  (2)  Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies:      
  (2)  Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies:      
  (3)  Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11:      
  (3)  Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11:      
  (4)  Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction:      
  (4)  Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction:      
  (5)  Total fee paid:      
  (5)  Total fee paid:      
  (1)  Amount previously paid:      
  (1)  Amount previously paid:      
  (2)  Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.:      
  (2)  Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.:      
  (3)  Filing Party:      
  (3)  Filing Party:      
  (4)  Date Filed:      
  (4)  Date Filed:      
  (4)  Date Filed:      
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
• Profitability• Operating efficiency• Sales growth• Comprehensive management of assets• Dynamic customer partnerships• Strategic inventory investments• Cutting-edge equipment• Strong mill relationships• Investment in people, equipment, and inventory at the branch level• Local leadership• Entrepreneurial spirit• Commitment to values• Employee engagement• Career development• Constant communication  
• Profitability• Operating efficiency• Sales growth• Comprehensive management of assets• Dynamic customer partnerships• Strategic inventory investments• Cutting-edge equipment• Strong mill relationships• Investment in people, equipment, and inventory at the branch level• Local leadership• Entrepreneurial spirit• Commitment to values• Employee engagement• Career development• Constant communication  
• Profitability• Operating efficiency• Sales growth• Comprehensive management of assets• Dynamic customer partnerships• Strategic inventory investments• Cutting-edge equipment• Strong mill relationships• Investment in people, equipment, and inventory at the branch level• Local leadership• Entrepreneurial spirit• Commitment to values• Employee engagement• Career development• Constant communication  
• Profitability• Operating efficiency• Sales growth• Comprehensive management of assets• Dynamic customer partnerships• Strategic inventory investments• Cutting-edge equipment• Strong mill relationships• Investment in people, equipment, and inventory at the branch level• Local leadership• Entrepreneurial spirit• Commitment to values• Employee engagement• Career development• Constant communication  
• Profitability• Operating efficiency• Sales growth• Comprehensive management of assets• Dynamic customer partnerships• Strategic inventory investments• Cutting-edge equipment• Strong mill relationships• Investment in people, equipment, and inventory at the branch level• Local leadership• Entrepreneurial spirit• Commitment to values• Employee engagement• Career development• Constant communication  
• Profitability• Operating efficiency• Sales growth• Comprehensive management of assets• Dynamic customer partnerships• Strategic inventory investments• Cutting-edge equipment• Strong mill relationships• Investment in people, equipment, and inventory at the branch level• Local leadership• Entrepreneurial spirit• Commitment to values• Employee engagement• Career development• Constant communication  
• Profitability• Operating efficiency• Sales growth• Comprehensive management of assets• Dynamic customer partnerships• Strategic inventory investments• Cutting-edge equipment• Strong mill relationships• Investment in people, equipment, and inventory at the branch level• Local leadership• Entrepreneurial spirit• Commitment to values• Employee engagement• Career development• Constant communication  
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
   Dear Fellow Stockholder:   Over the course of the past three years, we have made great strides in re-establishing A.M. Castle as a leading metals distributor and supply chain service              provider. Having completed an operational transformation and a complex financial restructuring, we are now focused on profitable growth in the years ahead.   At the same time, we have endeavored to truly partner with our customers and suppliers to provide best-in-class supply chain management and refreshed our              Company's mission, vision, and values to articulate the culture we want to create. We do not intend to stop here, however.   Our key goals for the future include improving the profitability of our core operations and efficiently deploying our working capital, while simultaneously              executing long-term growth initiatives that advance our overall objective to build shareholder value.   To support this growth strategy, we recently realigned our executive leadership structure. As Chairman & CEO, Steven Scheinkman will concentrate on A.M.              Castle's long-term strategic growth initiatives. In my new role as President, I will lead the A.M. Castle management team in executing daily operations and improvement initiatives. Additionally, we reorganized our global sourcing and supply              chain group, in order to fully leverage our strategic relationships with suppliers and our extensive in-house product expertise and capabilities. We believe these changes will enable us to sharpen our strategic vision, enhance our working              capital efficiency, and deliver improved operational execution on a daily basis, ultimately leading to improved profitability.      Marec E. Edgar                 President  
   Dear Fellow Stockholder:   Over the course of the past three years, we have made great strides in re-establishing A.M. Castle as a leading metals distributor and supply chain service              provider. Having completed an operational transformation and a complex financial restructuring, we are now focused on profitable growth in the years ahead.   At the same time, we have endeavored to truly partner with our customers and suppliers to provide best-in-class supply chain management and refreshed our              Company's mission, vision, and values to articulate the culture we want to create. We do not intend to stop here, however.   Our key goals for the future include improving the profitability of our core operations and efficiently deploying our working capital, while simultaneously              executing long-term growth initiatives that advance our overall objective to build shareholder value.   To support this growth strategy, we recently realigned our executive leadership structure. As Chairman & CEO, Steven Scheinkman will concentrate on A.M.              Castle's long-term strategic growth initiatives. In my new role as President, I will lead the A.M. Castle management team in executing daily operations and improvement initiatives. Additionally, we reorganized our global sourcing and supply              chain group, in order to fully leverage our strategic relationships with suppliers and our extensive in-house product expertise and capabilities. We believe these changes will enable us to sharpen our strategic vision, enhance our working              capital efficiency, and deliver improved operational execution on a daily basis, ultimately leading to improved profitability.      Marec E. Edgar                 President  
   Dear Fellow Stockholder:   Over the course of the past three years, we have made great strides in re-establishing A.M. Castle as a leading metals distributor and supply chain service              provider. Having completed an operational transformation and a complex financial restructuring, we are now focused on profitable growth in the years ahead.   At the same time, we have endeavored to truly partner with our customers and suppliers to provide best-in-class supply chain management and refreshed our              Company's mission, vision, and values to articulate the culture we want to create. We do not intend to stop here, however.   Our key goals for the future include improving the profitability of our core operations and efficiently deploying our working capital, while simultaneously              executing long-term growth initiatives that advance our overall objective to build shareholder value.   To support this growth strategy, we recently realigned our executive leadership structure. As Chairman & CEO, Steven Scheinkman will concentrate on A.M.              Castle's long-term strategic growth initiatives. In my new role as President, I will lead the A.M. Castle management team in executing daily operations and improvement initiatives. Additionally, we reorganized our global sourcing and supply              chain group, in order to fully leverage our strategic relationships with suppliers and our extensive in-house product expertise and capabilities. We believe these changes will enable us to sharpen our strategic vision, enhance our working              capital efficiency, and deliver improved operational execution on a daily basis, ultimately leading to improved profitability.      Marec E. Edgar                 President  
   Dear Fellow Stockholder:   Over the course of the past three years, we have made great strides in re-establishing A.M. Castle as a leading metals distributor and supply chain service              provider. Having completed an operational transformation and a complex financial restructuring, we are now focused on profitable growth in the years ahead.   At the same time, we have endeavored to truly partner with our customers and suppliers to provide best-in-class supply chain management and refreshed our              Company's mission, vision, and values to articulate the culture we want to create. We do not intend to stop here, however.   Our key goals for the future include improving the profitability of our core operations and efficiently deploying our working capital, while simultaneously              executing long-term growth initiatives that advance our overall objective to build shareholder value.   To support this growth strategy, we recently realigned our executive leadership structure. As Chairman & CEO, Steven Scheinkman will concentrate on A.M.              Castle's long-term strategic growth initiatives. In my new role as President, I will lead the A.M. Castle management team in executing daily operations and improvement initiatives. Additionally, we reorganized our global sourcing and supply              chain group, in order to fully leverage our strategic relationships with suppliers and our extensive in-house product expertise and capabilities. We believe these changes will enable us to sharpen our strategic vision, enhance our working              capital efficiency, and deliver improved operational execution on a daily basis, ultimately leading to improved profitability.      Marec E. Edgar                 President  
   Dear Fellow Stockholder:   Over the course of the past three years, we have made great strides in re-establishing A.M. Castle as a leading metals distributor and supply chain service              provider. Having completed an operational transformation and a complex financial restructuring, we are now focused on profitable growth in the years ahead.   At the same time, we have endeavored to truly partner with our customers and suppliers to provide best-in-class supply chain management and refreshed our              Company's mission, vision, and values to articulate the culture we want to create. We do not intend to stop here, however.   Our key goals for the future include improving the profitability of our core operations and efficiently deploying our working capital, while simultaneously              executing long-term growth initiatives that advance our overall objective to build shareholder value.   To support this growth strategy, we recently realigned our executive leadership structure. As Chairman & CEO, Steven Scheinkman will concentrate on A.M.              Castle's long-term strategic growth initiatives. In my new role as President, I will lead the A.M. Castle management team in executing daily operations and improvement initiatives. Additionally, we reorganized our global sourcing and supply              chain group, in order to fully leverage our strategic relationships with suppliers and our extensive in-house product expertise and capabilities. We believe these changes will enable us to sharpen our strategic vision, enhance our working              capital efficiency, and deliver improved operational execution on a daily basis, ultimately leading to improved profitability.      Marec E. Edgar                 President  
   Dear Fellow Stockholder:   Over the course of the past three years, we have made great strides in re-establishing A.M. Castle as a leading metals distributor and supply chain service              provider. Having completed an operational transformation and a complex financial restructuring, we are now focused on profitable growth in the years ahead.   At the same time, we have endeavored to truly partner with our customers and suppliers to provide best-in-class supply chain management and refreshed our              Company's mission, vision, and values to articulate the culture we want to create. We do not intend to stop here, however.   Our key goals for the future include improving the profitability of our core operations and efficiently deploying our working capital, while simultaneously              executing long-term growth initiatives that advance our overall objective to build shareholder value.   To support this growth strategy, we recently realigned our executive leadership structure. As Chairman & CEO, Steven Scheinkman will concentrate on A.M.              Castle's long-term strategic growth initiatives. In my new role as President, I will lead the A.M. Castle management team in executing daily operations and improvement initiatives. Additionally, we reorganized our global sourcing and supply              chain group, in order to fully leverage our strategic relationships with suppliers and our extensive in-house product expertise and capabilities. We believe these changes will enable us to sharpen our strategic vision, enhance our working              capital efficiency, and deliver improved operational execution on a daily basis, ultimately leading to improved profitability.      Marec E. Edgar                 President  
[END TABLE]
With our financial restructuring behind us, the executive team and I continue to chart a course that will help us achieve business targets, drive innovation, empower     our branches, and invest in our talent and Company culture. On behalf of the executive team, I want to thank you for your continued support. Your belief in our business allows us to look confidently forward and focus on strategies to build shareholder     value over the long-term. I am incredibly proud of what we have accomplished together and look forward to reporting on our further success this time next year.
[BEGIN TABLE]
   Marec E. Edgar               President    
   Marec E. Edgar               President    
[END TABLE]
Notice of Annual Meeting
We are pleased to invite you to join the Board of Directors (the "Board") of A. M. Castle & Co. (the "Company") and senior management at the Company's 2019 Annual     Meeting of Stockholders ("Annual Meeting").
The items of business for the meeting will be:
The Board established the close of business on February 28, 2019, as the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to notice of, and to vote at,       the Annual Meeting. On or about March 19, 2019, a full set of proxy materials, including a copy of the Proxy Statement, the annual report and a proxy card, was first made available to the Company's stockholders of record. The Board is soliciting the       enclosed proxy for use at the Company's Annual Meeting and any adjournments or postponements thereof.
If any other matters are properly presented at the Annual Meeting for consideration, the persons named in the enclosed form of proxy will have discretion to vote       on those matters to the same extent as the person signing the proxy would be entitled to vote. It is not currently anticipated that any other matters will be raised at the Annual Meeting.
Whether or not you plan to attend the Annual Meeting, we hope you will vote as soon as possible. You may vote over the Internet, as well as by telephone, or by       mailing a proxy card in the enclosed envelope, which requires no postage if mailed in the United States. Please review the instructions on each of your voting options described on the enclosed proxy card.
Stockholders are being asked to elect six director nominees to serve until the 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Following the recommendation of the Company's     Governance Committee (the "Governance Committee"), the Company's Board has nominated each individual presently serving as a director for election at this Annual Meeting.
Abstentions and broker non-votes, if any, will not be counted as votes cast and will have no effect on the result of the vote for the election of directors, although     they will be considered present for the purpose of determining the presence of a quorum.
Board Structure
The Company's Board structure and governance procedures require each director nominee to be approved by the stockholders at each Annual Meeting. Each director     elected at the Annual Meeting will hold office until the next succeeding annual meeting of stockholders and until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified, or until his or her earlier death, resignation, or removal. Each director nominee     listed below has consented to be named in this Proxy Statement and has agreed to serve as a director, if elected, and the Company expects each nominee to be able to serve, if elected.
If any director nominee is unable or unwilling to accept his or her election or is unavailable to serve for any reason, the persons named as proxies will have     authority, according to their judgment, to vote or refrain from voting for such alternate director nominee as may be designated by the Board.
Board Membership Criteria
The Company's Corporate Governance Guidelines set forth the process by which its Governance Committee identifies, evaluates, and recommends candidates for nomination     to the Board. In making its recommendations of director nominees to the Board, the Governance Committee may also consider any advice and recommendations offered by the Company's Chief Executive Officer, other directors, the stockholders of the Company,     or any advisors the Governance Committee may retain. Any stockholder wishing to suggest a director candidate should submit his or her suggestion in writing to the attention of the Corporate Secretary of the Company, providing the candidate's name and     qualifications for service as a Board member, a document signed by the candidate indicating the candidate's willingness to serve, if elected, and evidence of the stockholder's ownership of the Company's stock. Any stockholder who wishes to formally     recommend individuals for nomination to the Board may do so in accordance with the Company's Bylaws, which require advance notice to the Company and certain other information. If you are interested in recommending a director candidate, you may request     a free copy of the Company's Bylaws by writing to the Secretary of the Company at 1420 Kensington Road, Suite 220, Oak Brook, Illinois 60523.
The current membership of the Board represents a diverse mix of directors in terms of background and expertise. In considering whether to recommend persons to be     nominated for directors, the Governance Committee will apply the criteria set forth in the Company's Corporate Governance Guidelines, which include but are not limited to:
While the Company's Corporate Governance Guidelines do not prescribe specific diversity standards, they do provide that the Board will seek a diversified membership     for the Board as a whole, in terms of both the personal characteristics of individuals involved and their various experiences and areas of expertise. When identifying and evaluating candidates, the Governance Committee, as a matter of practice, also     considers whether there are any evolving needs of the Board that require experience in a particular field and may consider additional factors it deems appropriate. The Governance Committee does not assign specific weights to any particular criterion     and no particular criterion is necessarily applicable to all prospective nominees. The Governance Committee also conducts regular reviews of current directors who may be proposed for re-election and their past contributions to the Board.
Under the Company's Corporate Governance Guidelines, no director may be nominated for re-election following his or her 72nd birthday. On the recommendation of the Governance Committee, the Board may waive this requirement as to any director if it deems a waiver to be in the best interest of the Company.
The Corporate Governance Guidelines are made available on the Company's website.
Director Resignation Policy
In an uncontested election (i.e., an election where the number of nominees is not greater than the number of directors to be elected), any nominee for director who     receives a greater number of votes "withheld" from his or her election than votes "for" such election (a "Majority Withheld Vote") shall promptly tender his or her resignation following certification of the stockholder vote. The Governance Committee     shall promptly consider the resignation offer and make a recommendation to the Board. The Board will act on the Governance Committee's recommendation within 90 days following certification of the stockholder vote. Thereafter, the Board will promptly     publicly disclose its decision regarding whether to accept the director's resignation offer. Any director who tenders his or her resignation shall not participate in the Governance Committee recommendation or Board action regarding whether to accept     the resignation offer. However, if each member of the Governance Committee receives a Majority Withheld Vote at the same election, then all non-employee directors on the Board who did not receive a Majority Withheld Vote shall appoint a committee     amongst themselves to consider the resignation offers and recommend to the Board whether to accept them.
Director Nominees Qualifications and Experience
Below is certain biographical and other information regarding the persons nominated for election as directors, which is based upon statements made or confirmed to     the Company by or on behalf of these nominees, except to the extent certain information appears in the Company's records. Ages shown for all nominees are as of the date of the Annual Meeting. Following each nominee's biographical information, the     Company has also provided additional information regarding the particular experience, qualifications, attributes and skills that informed the Governance Committee and the Board's determination that such nominee should serve as a director.
The Company's directors have a variety of qualifications, skills and experience that contribute to an effective and well-functioning Board, including the following     key characteristics:
Director Nominees
Board Leadership
The Company has no policy that requires the combination or separation of the roles of Chairperson or Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Scheinkman, the Company's Chief     Executive Officer, has served as Chairperson of the Board since August 2017, and Mr. Segal, a non-employee independent director, has served as Lead Independent Director since November 2017. In his role as Lead Independent Director, Mr. Segal presides     over executive sessions of the independent directors and meetings of the full Board in the absence of the Chairperson.
The Company has historically separated the positions of Chief Executive Officer and Chairperson of the Board, allowing its Chief Executive Officer to focus on     business strategic growth initiatives, while allowing the Chairperson to lead the Board in its fundamental role of providing advice to, and independent oversight of, management.
Due to Mr. Scheinkman's familiarity with the Company's business and his knowledge of the Company's industry, the Board believes that continuing to combine the roles     of Chief Executive Officer and Chairperson of the Board uniquely positions Mr. Scheinkman to identify strategic priorities and to lead the Board in discussions regarding strategy, business planning, and operations. This structure also allows for     efficient decision-making and provides a unified strategic vision and clear leadership for the Company.
The Chairperson of the Board:
While the Board believes the Company's leadership model provides appropriate oversight and an effective governance structure, it recognizes that, depending on the     circumstances, other leadership models, such as separating the roles of Chief Executive Officer and Chairperson of the Board, might be appropriate. Accordingly, the Board periodically reviews its leadership structure.
Standing Board Committees
The Board has three standing committees: the Audit Committee, the Governance Committee and the Human Resources Committee. Each committee has a written charter     adopted by the Board, copies of which are posted under the "Corporate Governance" section of the Company's website at https://castlemetals.com/investors/corporate-governance.
Each Committee reviews the appropriateness of its charter and performs a self-evaluation at least annually. The Board will review the composition of each committee     in light of any expected changes to the Board's composition as a result of the annual meeting of stockholders each year.
The following summarizes the current membership and responsibilities of each of the Company's three standing Board committees:
Director Independence; Financial Expert
While the Company's stock is currently traded on, the OTCQX market, which requires the Company to establish and maintain fundamental corporate governance standards,     the Company has elected to adopt more exacting governance standards that are substantially similar to the NASDAQ listing standards. The Board has affirmatively determined that each current Board member, except for Mr. Scheinkman, is "independent"     within the definitions contained in the current NASDAQ listing standards and the standards set by the Board in the Company's Corporate Governance Guidelines. Furthermore, the Board has determined that all members of the Company's Audit Committee meet     the financial sophistication requirements of the NASDAQ listing standards. The Board has determined that Mr. Brodsky qualifies as an "audit committee financial expert" for purposes of the SEC rules.
Board Meetings and Attendance
During 2018, the Board held eight meetings. The Board's non-employee directors met in regularly scheduled executive sessions to evaluate the performance of the Chief     Executive Officer and to discuss other corporate matters. Mr. Steven Scheinkman, presided as the Chairperson of the Board at all of the eight meetings of the Board. Additionally, during 2018, there were four meetings of the Audit Committee, five     meetings of the Governance Committee, and five meetings of the Human Resources Committee. Each of the directors attended 75% or more of all the meetings of the Board and the Committees on which he served.
We strongly encourage, but do not require, directors to attend our annual meetings of stockholders. All directors who were nominated for reelection at our 2018     Annual Meeting of Stockholders attended that meeting.
Non-Employee Director Compensation
Cash Compensation
The Company's director compensation program provides that the cash compensation paid to, or earned by, its non-employee directors will be comprised of the following components:
Equity-Based Compensation
The equity-based compensation paid to the Company's non-employee directors in 2018 consisted of restricted stock granted pursuant to the Company's 2017 Management     Incentive Plan. Messrs. Mercer and Segal waived their equity-based compensation for 2018.
In 2018, each director, with the exception of Messrs. Mercer and Segal, received a restricted stock award in an amount valued at $90,000, based upon the 60-day     trailing average stock price on the date of grant.
Other Compensation
Reimbursement is made for travel and accommodation expenses incurred to attend meetings and participate in other corporate functions and for the cost of attending     one director continuing education program annually. For each director, the Company pays and maintains coverage for personal excess liability, business travel and accident, and director and officer liability insurance policies.
Director Compensation Table – Fiscal Year 2018
The following table summarizes the compensation paid to or earned by the non-employee directors for 2018. Any employee of the Company who serves as a director     receive no additional compensation for service as a director.
Oversight of Risk Management
The Board is actively involved in oversight of risks that could affect the Company. The Board implements its risk oversight function as a whole and through     delegation to committees, which meet regularly and report back to the full Board. The risk management role of each of the committees is detailed further below:
The full Board retains responsibility for general oversight of risks. Key risks to the Company's business strategy are considered by the Board as part of the     Company's annual strategy review. Additional information regarding the risks faced by the Company is included in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, filed with the SEC on March 15, 2019.
Code of Conduct
The Board has adopted a Code of Conduct for Directors and a Code of Conduct for Officers. A copy of each Code of Conduct policy can be found on the "Corporate Governance" section of the Company's website at https://castlemetals.com/investors/corporate-governance.
Every director and officer is required to read and follow the Code that is applicable to his or her role. Any waiver of either Code of Conduct requires the approval     of the Governance Committee, and must be promptly disclosed to the Company's stockholders and the public. The Company intends to disclose on the "Corporate Governance" section of its website any material     amendments to, or waivers from, the Code of Conduct.
Related Parties
The Company's Related-Party Transactions Policy governs the review, approval and ratification of transactions involving the Company and related persons where the     amount involved exceeds $120,000. Related persons include:
Potential related-party transactions are reviewed by the highest ranking member of the Company's Legal Department. If the highest ranking member of the Company's     Legal Department determines that the proposed transaction is a related-party transaction for such purposes, the proposed transaction is then submitted to the Governance Committee for review.
The Governance Committee considers all of the relevant facts and circumstances available, including but not limited to:
In the event that the Company becomes aware of a related-party transaction that has not been previously approved or ratified by the Governance Committee, a similar     process will be undertaken by the Governance Committee in order to determine if the existing transaction should continue or be terminated.
A copy of the Company's Related-Party Transactions Policy can be found on the "Corporate Governance" section of its     website at https://castlemetals.com/investors/corporate-governance.
Related-Party Transactions and Relationships
Emergence from Bankruptcy
As previously disclosed, on June 18, 2017 (the "Petition Date"), the Company and four of its subsidiaries (together with the Company, the "Debtors") filed voluntary     petitions for reorganization under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code (the "Bankruptcy Code") with the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware in Wilmington, Delaware (the "Bankruptcy Court"). Also on June 18, 2017, the     Debtors filed their Prepackaged Joint Chapter 11 Plan of Reorganization with the Bankruptcy Court and on July 25, 2017, the Debtors filed their Amended Prepackaged Joint Chapter 11 Plan of Reorganization (the "Plan") with the Bankruptcy Court. On     August 2, 2017, the Bankruptcy Court entered an order confirming the Plan. On August 31, 2017 (the "Effective Date"), the Plan became effective pursuant to its terms and the Debtors emerged from their Chapter 11 cases. On February 6, 2018, the     Bankruptcy Court entered a final order closing the Chapter 11 cases of the Debtors.
Pursuant to the Plan, on the Effective Date, the Company entered into an Indenture with Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB, as trustee and collateral agent and,     pursuant thereto, issued approximately $164.9 million in aggregate original principal amount of its 5.00% / 7.00% Convertible Senior Secured PIK Toggle Notes due 2022 (the "Second Lien Notes").
The Second Lien Notes are five year senior obligations of the Company and certain of its subsidiaries, secured by a lien on all or substantially all of the assets of     the Company, its domestic subsidiaries, and certain of its foreign subsidiaries. The Second Lien Notes are convertible into shares of the Company's common stock at any time at the initial conversion price of $3.77 per share, which rate is subject to     adjustment as set forth in the Second Lien Notes Indenture. Interest on the Second Lien Notes accrues at the rate of 5.00%, except that the Company may, in certain circumstances, pay at the rate of 7.00% in kind.
All outstanding indebtedness of the Debtors under the Company's 12.75% Senior Secured Notes due 2018 and the Indenture dated February 8, 2016, by and between the     Company, as issuer, its guarantors, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, and all outstanding indebtedness of the Debtors under the Company's 5.25% Convertible Senior Secured Notes due 2019 and the Indenture dated May 19, 2016, by and between     the Company, as issuer, its guarantors, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, was discharged and canceled in exchange for Second Lien Notes and new common stock in the Company.
Stockholders Agreement
Pursuant to the Plan, on August 31, 2017, the Company entered into a Stockholders Agreement (the "Stockholders Agreement") with Highbridge Capital Management, LLC     ("Highbridge"), Whitebox Advisors LLC ("Whitebox"), SGF, Inc. ("SGF"), Corre Partners Management, LLC ("Corre"), Wolverine Flagship Fund Trading Limited ("WFF"), and certain members of the Company's management. The Stockholders Agreement includes     certain customary board designation rights, preemptive rights, transfer restrictions, and tag-along and drag-along rights. For additional information on the terms of the Stockholders Agreement, see the Company's Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed     with the SEC on August 31, 2017.
Registration Rights Agreement
Pursuant to the Plan, on the Effective Date, the Company entered into a Registration Rights Agreement (the "Registration Rights Agreement") with Highbridge,     Whitebox, SGF, Corre and WFF. Under the Registration Rights Agreement, the Company has granted registration rights to those recipients who are party to the Registration Rights Agreement with respect to certain securities of the Company. For additional     information on the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement, see the Company's Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed with the SEC on August 31, 2017.
Highbridge Capital Management, LLC
One of the Company's current directors, Jonathan Segal, serves as a managing director of, and portfolio manager for, Highbridge. Pursuant to the Plan and the     Stockholders Agreement, Highbridge and/or the its affiliates have the right to designate one member of the Board. Mr. Segal was selected by Highbridge. Furthermore, on the Effective Date, in connection with the transactions described above, Highbridge     and/or one or more of its affiliates received approximately $49.7 million in aggregate principal amount of the Second Lien Notes, 509,105 shares of the Company's new common stock and a cash payment of $4.0 million.
Highbridge has received interest payments, in the amounts of $3,773,825 (in 2018) and 1,163,787, (in 2017) with respect to its Second Lien Notes, in each case     commensurate with other holders thereof.
Whitebox Advisors LLC
One of the Company's directors, Jacob Mercer, is the Head of Restructuring and Special Situations at Whitebox. Pursuant to the Plan and the Stockholders Agreement,     Whitebox and/or its affiliates and/or the its affiliates have the right to designate one member of the New Board. Mr. Mercer was selected by Whitebox. Furthermore, on the Effective Date, in connection with the transactions described above, Whitebox     and/or one or more of its affiliates received approximately $46.0 million in aggregate principal amount of Second Lien Notes, 400,876 shares of the Company's new common stock and a cash payment of $3.6 million.
Whitebox has received interest payments, in the amounts of $3,507,348 (in 2018) and $1,078,876, in 2017 with respect to its Second Lien Notes, in each case     commensurate with other holders thereof.
Simpson Estates, Inc.
One of the Company's current directors, Mr. Mellin, serves as the President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Investment Officer of Simpson Estates. Pursuant to the     Plan and the Stockholders Agreement, Simpson Estates and/or its affiliates have the right to designate one member of the Board. Simpson Estates selected Mr. Mellin. Furthermore, on the Effective Date, in connection with the transactions described     above, Simpson Estates and/or one or more of its affiliates received approximately $24.9 million in aggregate principal amount of the Second Lien Notes, 206,557 shares of the Company's new common stock and a cash payment of $2.0 million.
Simpson received interest payments, in the amounts of $524,018 (in 2018) and $166,985 (in 2017) with respect to its Second Lien Notes, in each case commensurate with     other holders thereof.
Corre Partners Management, LLC
On the Effective Date and in connection with the transactions described above Corre, and/or one or more of its affiliates received approximately $24.2 million in     aggregate principal amount of the Second Lien Notes, 234,554 shares of the Company's new common stock and a cash payment of $3.1 million.
Corre received interest payments, in the amounts of $1,772,614 (in 2018) and $565,620 (in 2017) with respect to its Second Lien Notes, in each case commensurate with     other holders thereof.
Wolverine Flagship Fund Trading Limited
On the Effective Date and in connection with the transactions described above, WFF and/or one or more of its affiliates received approximately $8.5 million in     aggregate principal amount of the Second Lien Notes, 70,905 shares of the Company's new common stock and a cash payment of $.7 million.
WFF received interest payments, in the amounts of $623,429 (in 2018) and $198,664 (in 2017) with respect to its Second Lien Notes, in each case commensurate with     other holders thereof.
Pursuant to the Plan and Stockholders Agreement, Corre and WFF have the right by mutual agreement to designate one member of the Board; provided that such designated     individual who qualifies as an "independent director" under NASDAQ Marketplace Rule 5605(a)(2). Mr. Brodsky was selected by Corre and WFF.
Revolving Credit and Security Agreement
As previously disclosed, on June 1, 2018, the Company entered into an Amendment No. 1 to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement (the "Credit Agreement Amendment")     by and among the Company, the other borrowers and guarantors party thereto and PNC Bank, National Association as the agent and the lenders, which amends that certain Revolving Credit and Security Agreement dated as of August 31, 2017 (as amended by the     Credit Agreement Amendment, the "Expanded Credit Facility") to provide for additional borrowing capacity. The Expanded Credit Facility provides for an additional $25 million last out Revolving B credit facility made available in part by way of a     participation in the Revolving B credit facility by each of Highbridge in the aggregate amount of approximately $7.6 million, Whitebox in the aggregate amount of approximately $7.1 million, SGF in the aggregate amount of $3.8 million, and Corre in the     aggregate amount of approximately $3.0 million. The Revolving B credit facility will bear interest at 12.0% per annum and which will be paid-in-kind unless the Company elects to pay such interest in cash and the Revolving B payment conditions specified     in the Expanded Credit Facility are satisfied. Borrowings under both the existing Revolving B credit facility will mature on February 28, 2022. The Expanded Credit Facility continues to be secured by substantially all personal property assets of the     Company and its domestic subsidiary guarantors.
Stock Ownership
Directors, Director Nominees and Management
The following table sets forth the number of shares and percentage of the Company's common stock that was owned beneficially as of March 1, 2019, by each of the     Company's directors and director nominees, each current member of Executive Management, including those set forth in the Summary Compensation Table in Proposal 2 hereof, and by all directors, director nominees and executive management as a group, with     each person having sole voting and dispositive power except as indicated:
* Percentage of shares owned equals less than 1%.
Principal Stockholders
The only persons who held of record or, to the Company's knowledge (based on the review of Schedules 13D, 13F and 13G, and amendments thereto), owned beneficially more     than 5% of the outstanding shares of the Company's common stock as of March 1, 2019, are set forth below, with each person having sole voting and dispositive power except as indicated:
Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance
Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, requires the Company's executive officers and directors and beneficial owners of more than 10% of the     Company's common stock to file reports of ownership of the Company's common stock with the SEC and to furnish the Company with a copy of those reports.
Based on the Company's review of the reports and upon the written confirmation that the Company received from each of its executive officers and directors, the Company     believes that all Section 16(a) reports were timely filed in 2018.
Stockholders are being asked to approve, on an advisory non-binding basis, the compensation of the Named Executive Officers as described in this Proxy Statement.
Abstentions and broker non-votes, if any, will not be counted as votes cast and will have no effect on the result of the vote for the non-binding, advisory stockholder     vote on the compensation of the Named Executive Officers, although they will be considered present for the purpose of determining the presence of a quorum.
The Company seeks to closely align the interests of the Named Executive Officers with the interests of the Company's stockholders. Pay for performance is an essential     element of the Company's compensation philosophy. The Company's compensation programs are designed to reward the Named Executive Officers for the achievement of short-term and long-term strategic and operational goals, while at the same time avoiding     the encouragement of unnecessary or excessive risk-taking.
The Company currently conducts annual advisory votes on executive compensation. At the Company's 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, the stockholders expressed     continued support of the executive compensation program with 99% of the stockholders casting votes supporting the proposal.
This Proposal No. 2, commonly known as a "say-on-pay" proposal, is not intended to address any specific element of compensation; rather, your vote relates to the overall     compensation structure of the Named Executive Officers, as described in this Proxy Statement. The Company asks you to support the following resolution:
"RESOLVED, that the stockholders APPROVE, on an advisory basis, the compensation paid to the Company's named executive officers, as disclosed     pursuant to Item 402 of Regulation S-K, including the compensation tables, and narrative discussion."
Executive Compensation
In this section, the Company describes its compensation programs and policies and       the material elements of compensation for the year ended December 31, 2018, for its Chief Executive Officer, the principal executive officer ("PEO"), and its two most highly compensated executive officers serving         as executive officers at the end of 2018, other than the PEO, whose total compensation was in excess of $100,000. The Company refers to all individuals whose executive compensation is disclosed in this proxy         statement as its Named Executive Officers (collectively, the "Named Executive Officers").
Compensation Consultant
The Human Resources Committee engaged Willis Towers Watson ("Willis") during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018, to periodically consult regarding executive officer     and director compensation.
Most recently in March 2018, the Human Resources Committee conducted an independence review regarding its engagement of Willis and concluded that Willis is independent.
The Company's compensation consultant provides advice to the Human Resources Committee on an as-request basis as follows:
Summary Compensation Table
The table below includes the total compensation paid to or earned by each of the Named Executive Officers for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2018, and 2017.
All Other Compensation Table – Fiscal Year 2018
The table below provides additional information about the amounts that appear in the "All Other Compensation" column in the Summary Compensation Table above:
Elements of Compensation
The Company has three elements of total direct compensation: base salary, annual incentives, and long-term incentives, which are described in the following table. The     Company also provides the Named Executive Officers with limited perquisites and standard retirement and benefit plans (see the sections below entitled "Retirement Benefits" and "Perquisites and Other Personal Benefits").
2018 Total Compensation Pay Mix(1)
The Company continues to make enhancements to its compensation program to further align leadership performance by focusing on future stock price appreciation to increase     value to the Company's stockholders.
[BEGIN TABLE]
Base Salary· Fixed compensation recognizes individual performance, seniority, scope of responsibilities, leadership skills, experience, and succession planning considerations.· Reviewed annually.· Mr. Anderson's salary increased in July 2018 to recognize superior performance and enhanced role and responsibilities.· Mr. Edgar's salary increased in connection with his appointment as President of the Company to reflect his enhanced role and responsibilities.· Competitive base salaries help attract and retain executive talent.· Increases are not automatic or guaranteed.    
Base Salary· Fixed compensation recognizes individual performance, seniority, scope of responsibilities, leadership skills, experience, and succession planning considerations.· Reviewed annually.· Mr. Anderson's salary increased in July 2018 to recognize superior performance and enhanced role and responsibilities.· Mr. Edgar's salary increased in connection with his appointment as President of the Company to reflect his enhanced role and responsibilities.· Competitive base salaries help attract and retain executive talent.· Increases are not automatic or guaranteed.    
Annual Incentives· Variable compensation based on performance against annually established targets and individual performance.· Designed to reward executives for annual performance on key operational and financial measures, as well as individual performance.· Focused programs on branch, function, and whole-Company profitability as well as individual employee performance; for 2018, the Company's main goals were to focus on continued growth, while              ensuring strong EBITDA and inventory performance.· Metrics and targets are evaluated each year for alignment with business strategy.· Consistent with strategy to focus on growth, incentive was based on the executive management team's individual efforts in generative revenue while simultaneously driving EBITDA and inventory                performance.    
Annual Incentives· Variable compensation based on performance against annually established targets and individual performance.· Designed to reward executives for annual performance on key operational and financial measures, as well as individual performance.· Focused programs on branch, function, and whole-Company profitability as well as individual employee performance; for 2018, the Company's main goals were to focus on continued growth, while              ensuring strong EBITDA and inventory performance.· Metrics and targets are evaluated each year for alignment with business strategy.· Consistent with strategy to focus on growth, incentive was based on the executive management team's individual efforts in generative revenue while simultaneously driving EBITDA and inventory                performance.    
Annual Incentives· Variable compensation based on performance against annually established targets and individual performance.· Designed to reward executives for annual performance on key operational and financial measures, as well as individual performance.· Focused programs on branch, function, and whole-Company profitability as well as individual employee performance; for 2018, the Company's main goals were to focus on continued growth, while              ensuring strong EBITDA and inventory performance.· Metrics and targets are evaluated each year for alignment with business strategy.· Consistent with strategy to focus on growth, incentive was based on the executive management team's individual efforts in generative revenue while simultaneously driving EBITDA and inventory                performance.    
Long-Term Incentives· Variable equity compensation; payable in the form of equity or other securities of the Company.· Designed to drive sustainable performance that delivers long-term value to stockholders and directly ties the interests of executive to those of stockholders.· The Human Resources Committee reviews the equity metrics annually.· For 2018, the equity as provided is in the Management Incentive Plan, generally a mix of restricted stock and other securities of the Company.· The Company's long-term incentive program is designed to focus on stock price appreciation.   
Long-Term Incentives· Variable equity compensation; payable in the form of equity or other securities of the Company.· Designed to drive sustainable performance that delivers long-term value to stockholders and directly ties the interests of executive to those of stockholders.· The Human Resources Committee reviews the equity metrics annually.· For 2018, the equity as provided is in the Management Incentive Plan, generally a mix of restricted stock and other securities of the Company.· The Company's long-term incentive program is designed to focus on stock price appreciation.   
Long-Term Incentives· Variable equity compensation; payable in the form of equity or other securities of the Company.· Designed to drive sustainable performance that delivers long-term value to stockholders and directly ties the interests of executive to those of stockholders.· The Human Resources Committee reviews the equity metrics annually.· For 2018, the equity as provided is in the Management Incentive Plan, generally a mix of restricted stock and other securities of the Company.· The Company's long-term incentive program is designed to focus on stock price appreciation.   
[END TABLE]
Base Salary
With the exception of the CEO, whose compensation was reviewed and recommended by the Human Resources Committee and approved by the independent members of the Board, the     Human Resources Committee reviewed and approved the base salaries of the Named Executive Officers in 2018. In each case, the Human Resources Committee took into account the CEO's recommendation, as well as experience, internal equity, the performance     of each Named Executive Officer during the year, and external competitive compensation data, among other factors. Fixed compensation recognizes individual performance, seniority, scope of responsibilities, leadership skills, experience, and succession     planning considerations.
Annual Incentives
Annual incentives are awarded under the Company's Short-Term Incentive Program ("STIP") and are subject to the terms of the A. M. Castle & Co. 2017 Management     Incentive Plan ("MIP"). The purpose of the STIP is to provide variable compensation based on Company performance against annually established key operational and financial measures, as well as individual performance. Metrics and targets under the STIP are evaluated each year for alignment with business strategy.
2018 STIP Payouts
For the 2018 STIP, the Board approved a plan for the Named Executive Officers that focused on three metrics: (1) top-line revenue performance; (2) EBITDA performance;     and (3) net working capital improvement performance. However, based on the Company's overall performance in 2018, the Human Resources Committee and full Board exercised their discretion, in accordance with the STIP plan, to adjust the 2018 STIP payouts     downward.
2017 Management Incentive Plan
At the Company's emergence from restructuring proceedings on August 31, 2017, the MIP became effective. The Human Resources Committee administers the MIP and has broad     authority under the MIP, among other things, to: (i) select participants; (ii) determine the terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the MIP, of any award granted under the MIP; (iii) determine the number of shares of the Company's common stock to     be covered by each award granted under the MIP; and (iv) to determine the fair market value of awards granted under the MIP. Persons eligible to receive awards under the MIP include officers and employees of the Company and its subsidiaries. The types     of awards that may be granted under the MIP include stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance units, performance shares, and other forms of cash or stock based awards.
The Company grants long-term incentive awards under the MIP to the Named Executive Officers to reward performance over a multi-year time period. Equity-based     compensation remains an important component of the Company's overall compensation strategy to align the interests of the Named Executive Officers with the interests of its stockholders and serves as an important tool for the Company with respect to     attracting and retaining executive talent.
Retirement Benefits
The following retirement plans are generally available to all non-union, salaried employees, including the Named Executive Officers:
The Company also maintains the following plan that is available to a limited number of senior management employees, including the Named Executive Officers:
Perquisites and Other Personal Benefits
The Company provides the following limited perquisites to the Named Executive Officers: automobile usage or stipends; phone allowances; personal excess liability     coverage policy; reimbursement of spousal travel expenses on Company business in certain limited instances; and medical, dental, life insurance, short-term, and long-term disability coverage (standard benefits available to most of its employees). In 2018, Mr. Scheinkman, who is required to maintain a residence in Chicago as CEO of the     Company, was provided a monthly living allowance towards living expenses.
Employment-Related Agreements
To assure stability and continuity of management, the Company has entered into Amended       and Restated Employment Agreements, with each of the Named Executive Officers (each, an "Employment Agreement"). Messrs. Scheinkman and Anderson's Employment Agreements are dated as of May 15, 2017, and Mr. Edgar's Employment Agreement is dated as of       December 14, 2018, and was entered into in connection with his appointment to the office of President. 
Executive Compensation Philosophy
Each year, the Human Resources Committee reviews and approves the Company's overall Compensation Philosophy and Strategy. Pay for performance is an essential element of     the Company's executive compensation philosophy. The Company's executive compensation programs are designed so that a significant portion of an executive's compensation is dependent upon the performance of the Company. Measures of financial performance     for short-term and long-term incentive programs, and the use of equity, are intended to align compensation with the creation of stockholder value. Target and maximum performance goals under incentive programs are selected so as to generate target or     maximum payouts, commensurate with performance, respectively.
These programs are designed to provide a total compensation opportunity for the Named Executive Officers that is competitive with the total compensation opportunity     offered to executives with similar responsibilities at comparable companies, also known as the "market median guideline." Actual compensation will differ from the targeted opportunity based on actual Company performance. Total compensation is the     aggregate of the following categories: (i) base salary; (ii) short-term incentive compensation; and (iii) long-term incentive compensation. In reviewing the Named Executive Officers' target total cash compensation and total direct compensation     opportunities, the Human Resources Committee generally uses the fiftieth percentile of the competitive market data ("market median," as described below) as a guideline. In 2018, based on Company performance, and corresponding incentive plan     achievement, the actual total cash compensation and actual total direct compensation of the Named Executive Officers was consistent with this market median evaluation. Other factors considered by the Human Resources Committee in setting each Named     Executive Officer's opportunity are experience, internal equity (rational linkage between job responsibilities and total compensation opportunities across all jobs within the Company), individual executive performance, and the alignment between Company     performance and executive pay.
Executive Compensation Process
Oversight of the Executive Compensation Programs
The Human Resources Committee oversees the Company's executive compensation programs, operating under a charter that is reviewed annually and approved by the Board. All     members of the Human Resources Committee are required to be independent under the NASDAQ listing standards definitions of "Independence". The Human Resources Committee seeks the assistance of an executive compensation consultant, who is engaged     periodically and is also independent of the Company and management.
Process for the CEO
Early each year, the Board meets in executive session with the CEO to discuss the CEO's prior year performance, and to identify tentative goals for the upcoming year.
As with the process for the other Named Executive Officers, the Human Resources Committee considers individual performance, Company performance, and the analysis of its     compensation consultant, as requested, when setting the CEO's compensation. The Human Resources Committee develops recommendations for CEO compensation for the upcoming year for consideration by the Board.
The Board meets annually, without the CEO present, to consider the recommendations of the Human Resources Committee, determine any compensation adjustments applicable to     the CEO, and finalize the CEO's goals and objectives for the upcoming year. The independent members of the Board then meet with the CEO.
Process for Executives other than the CEO
The Company utilizes a formal performance management process to establish goals for its executive officers, including the Named Executive Officers, and to evaluate     management performance. The Human Resources Committee annually reviews the performance of the executive officers with the CEO and the CEO's recommendation for any changes in the executive officers' compensation.
The CEO's performance review of the executive officers addresses each executive's performance relative to established financial and personal objectives and specific     project assignments, and includes a review of the following leadership competencies:
In addition to the reviews of individual executive performance, the Human Resources Committee takes into account the overall performance of the Company (as related to     the short term and long term incentive plans), as well as the analysis and findings of its executive compensation consultant, as requested, regarding market pay levels and practices.
The Human Resources Committee also reviews and approves the material terms of any employment, severance, and change-in-control agreements with the Named Executive     Officers, with a view to approving terms that are competitive in the marketplace and that serve to attract, motivate and retain executives.
Benchmarking
In order to establish the market median guideline, the Human Resources Committee reviews competitive market compensation data periodically, including industry     compensation data provided by its executive compensation consultant as requested. For 2018, the Human Resources Committee's executive compensation consultant assembled market pay data from published executive compensation surveys including Willis     Towers Watson 2017 CBD Executive Compensation Survey, Willis Towers Watson 2017 CSR Executive Compensation Survey and Mercer 2017 MBD Executive Compensation Survey. The survey data was scoped to reflect practices of organizations in the manufacturing     industry and were regressed to reflect the Company's annual revenue.
Additional Executive Compensation Information and Policies
Stock Ownership Guidelines
The Company maintains an executive stock ownership guideline for ownership of the Company's stock by the Named Executive Officers. The program is designed to further     strengthen alignment between the interests of executive management and those of the Company's stockholders. The guidelines currently provide the following:
The table below describes the ownership guidelines for each Named Executive Officer actively employed as of December 31, 2018.
Severance and Change in Control Benefits
In order to attract and retain an appropriate caliber of talent, the Company provides the Named Executive Officers with the opportunity to be protected under severance     and change in control agreements.
Compensation Recovery Policy
The Company has adopted a compensation recovery (or "clawback") policy that requires paid incentive compensation to be recovered by the Company to the extent such     compensation would have been lower due to restated financial results. The Human Resources Committee has the authority to calculate the amount of any overpayment and, in its sole discretion, to seek to recover amounts determined to have been     inappropriately received by any current or former executive of the Company.
The clawback policy provides that overpayments of compensation should be recovered within twelve months after an applicable restatement of financial results.
Anti-Hedging and Anti-Pledging Policy
Under the Company's Insider Trading Policy, its directors and executive officers are prohibited from (i) hedging the economic interest in the Company's securities, and     (ii) purchasing securities on margin, holding Company securities in a margin account, or pledging Company securities as collateral for a loan.
Tax and Accounting Implications of Executive Compensation
Code 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), places a limit of $1,000,000 on the amount of compensation that the Company may deduct in any     one year with respect to each of the Named Executive Officers, with the exception of its Chief Financial Officer for the tax years commencing before the 2018 fiscal year. There is an exception to the $1,000,000 limitation for performance-based     compensation for the tax years commencing before the 2018 fiscal year that meets certain requirements. To the extent deemed necessary and appropriate by the Human Resources Committee, the Company's short- and long-term incentive plan awards may be     designed to be performance-based to meet the requirements of Section 162(m) of the Code, so that such amounts may be excluded from the $1,000,000 cap on compensation for deductibility purposes. The following types of compensation generally do not meet     the requirements of performance-based compensation under Section 162(m) of the Code:
In December 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act ("Tax Act") eliminates the exemption from Section 162(m)'s deduction limit for performance based compensation, effective for     tax years beginning after December 31, 2017, unless it qualifies for transition relief applicable to certain arrangements in place as of November 2, 2017. In addition, the Tax Act broadened the list of persons who may be covered by the deduction limit     under Section 162(m) to include the principal financial officer and other current and former executive officers. As result of the Tax Act, beginning with the Company's 2018 tax year, compensation paid to any of its named executive officers, including     performance-based compensation in excess of $1 million generally will not be deductible, with the exception of certain compensation payment arrangements in place as of November 2, 2017.
While the Company's shareholder approved incentive plans were previously structured to provide that certain awards could be made in a manner intended to qualify for the     performance-based compensation exemption, that exemption is no longer be available for 2018 and future tax years (other than with respect to certain "grandfathered" arrangements as noted above). In addition, while the Human Resources Committee intended     that certain incentive awards granted to our named executive officers on or prior to November 2, 2017 be deductible as "performance-based compensation" and has assessed the possibility that certain awards will be grandfathered from the changes made by     the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, it cannot guarantee that result. The Human Resources Committee has taken the potential impact of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act into consideration when approving payout amounts for performance periods ending on December 31, 2018.
All of the Company's incentive awards and individual incentive awards are subject to Federal income, FICA, and other tax withholding as required by applicable law. The     Human Resources Committee has the discretion to adjust STIP and MIP award payments, subject to the terms of those plans and any individual employment or other relevant agreements with the affected executive(s). In doing so, the Human Resources     Committee historically considers the requirements of Section 162(m) of the Code. While the Human Resources Committee generally intends to provide incentive compensation opportunities to the Company's executives in as tax-efficient a manner as possible,     the Company recognizes that at times it may be in the best interests of stockholders to provide non-deductible incentive compensation, and the Company specifically reserves the right to do so and considers this potential cost in determining     compensation payments. The Company accounts for stock-based payments, including stock options, restricted stock and the performance share awards in accordance with the requirements of ASC Topic 718.
Outstanding Equity Awards at 2018 Fiscal Year-End
The following table sets forth information on the holdings of stock options and stock awards by the Named Executive Officers as of the end of 2018.
[BEGIN TABLE]
(5)  Market value has been computed by multiplying the closing price of the Company's common stock on December 31, 2018, $2.84, by the number of convertible notes.  
[END TABLE]
Equity Compensation Plan Information
This table provides information regarding the equity authorized for issuance under the Company's equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2018.
Proposal No. 3: Ratification of Appointment of Auditors
Stockholders are being asked to ratify the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP ("Deloitte"), a registered public accounting firm, to serve as the Company's     Independent Auditors for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2019. Although the Audit Committee has the sole authority to appoint the independent auditors, as a matter of good corporate governance, the Board submits its selection of the independent     auditors to the Company's stockholders for ratification. If the stockholders should not ratify the appointment of Deloitte, the Audit Committee will reconsider the appointment.
Abstentions and broker non-votes, if any, will not be counted as votes cast and will have no effect on the result of the vote for the ratification of the appointment of     Deloitte, although they will be considered present for the purpose of determining the presence of a quorum.
Deloitte has been the Company's independent auditor since 2002 and has been appointed by the Audit Committee as the Company's independent registered public accounting     firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2019. If the appointment of Deloitte as auditor for 2019 is not approved by the Company's stockholders, the Audit Committee will consider whether it is appropriate to select another independent registered     public accounting firm. Even if the selection is ratified, the Audit Committee in its discretion may select a different independent registered public accounting firm at any time during 2019 if it determines that such a change would be in the best     interests of the Company and its stockholders.
A representative from Deloitte will be present at the Annual Meeting and will have the opportunity to make a statement. The representative will also be available to     respond to appropriate questions.
Audit Committee Matters
Audit and Non-Audit Fees
The following table sets forth the aggregate fees billed or expected to be billed by Deloitte for professional services incurred for the years ended December 31, 2018,     and 2017, on the Company's behalf:
A description of the type of services provided in each category is as follows:
Audit Fees
Consists of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audits of the Company's annual financial statements on Form 10-K and internal controls over financial     reporting, review of the interim financial statements included in the Company's quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and other services normally provided in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements.
Audit-Related Fees
Consists of fees billed for professional services rendered for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of     the Company's financial statements.
Tax Fees
Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning. These services include assistance with the     preparation of various tax returns.
Pre-Approval Policy for Audit and Non-Audit Services
The Audit Committee has adopted a policy for the pre-approval of all audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the Company's independent auditor. Also,     specific pre-approval by the Audit Committee is required for any proposed services exceeding pre-approved cost levels. The Audit Committee periodically reviews reports summarizing all services provided by the independent auditor. In 2018, the Audit     Committee pre-approved all audit and non-audit services provided to the Company in accordance with the Audit Committee pre-approval policy.
Report of the Audit Committee
The Audit Committee assists the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities. In addition, the Board of Directors of the Company has       determined that Mr. Brodsky qualifies as an "audit committee financial expert" as defined by the rules and regulations of the SEC and meets the qualifications of  "financial sophistication" under the NASDAQ listing standards. The Audit     Committee acts under a written charter that is reviewed by the Audit Committee at least annually.
Responsibilities
2018 Audit Committee Actions
Independent Auditor Independence
Deloitte also provided to the Audit Committee the letter and written disclosures required by applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board     regarding the independent registered public accounting firm's communications with the Audit Committee concerning independence, and the Audit Committee discussed the independence of the independent registered public accounting firm with management and     Deloitte. The Audit Committee concluded that Deloitte's independence had not been impaired.
Based on the review and discussions described above, the Audit Committee recommended to the Board that the Company's audited consolidated financial statements be     included in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, for filing with the SEC.
Audit Committee,
Other Information
Quorum
The presence, in person or by proxy, of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting is     necessary to constitute a quorum at the Annual Meeting.
Votes Required for Approval
Provided that a quorum is present, the nominees for director receiving a plurality of the votes cast at the meeting in person or by proxy will be elected. However, as     discussed further in Proposal No. 1, the Company has implemented a Director Resignation Policy whereby upon the receipt of more "withheld" than "for" votes, an incumbent director is required to submit an irrevocable resignation contingent upon the     acceptance of such resignation by the Board. The advisory stockholder vote on the compensation of the Named Executive Officers (Proposal No. 2) and the ratification of the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP (Proposal No. 3) require the     affirmative vote of a majority of shares present or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting.
Abstentions
Abstentions and broker non-votes, if any, will not be counted as votes cast and will have no effect on the result of the vote for the election of directors, the     non-binding, advisory stockholder vote on the compensation of the Named Executive Officers or the ratification of the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP, although they will be considered present for the purpose of determining the presence of a     quorum.
Who Can Vote
As of the close of business on February 28, 2019, the record date established for determining the stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at the Annual Meeting,     there were 3,634,658 outstanding shares of the Company's common stock. Each share of common stock outstanding on the record date is entitled to one vote on all matters submitted at the Annual Meeting.
If your shares are registered directly in your name with the Company's transfer agent, American Stock Transfer and Trust Company, you are considered a stockholder of     record with respect to those shares. If your shares are held in a bank or brokerage account, you are considered the beneficial owner of those shares.
If you are a stockholder of record, you will receive only one notice or proxy card for all the shares you hold in certificate form, book-entry form, and in any Company     benefit plan.
All shares entitled to vote and represented by properly executed and unrevoked proxies will be voted at the Annual Meeting in accordance with the instructions given     therein. If no instructions are indicated on a properly executed proxy (other than broker non-votes), the shares represented by that proxy will be voted as recommended by the Board.
Beneficial Owners
If you are a participant in any of the Company's 401(k) or employee benefit plans, your proxy card will represent the number of shares allocated to your account under     the plans and will serve as a direction to the plan's trustee as to how the shares in your account are to be voted. To allow sufficient time for voting by the plan's trustee, your voting instructions must be received by April 26, 2019.
If you are a beneficial owner, you will receive voting instruction information from the bank, broker or other nominee through which you own your shares of Common Stock.
If you are a beneficial owner and do not provide voting instructions to your bank, broker or other nominee, the following applies:
Non-Discretionary Items. The election of directors and the advisory approval of the Company's executive Compensation are nondiscretionary items and     may not be voted on by brokers, banks or other nominees who have not received specific voting instructions from beneficial owners. This is called a "broker non-vote."
Discretionary Items. The ratification of the appointment of the Company's independent registered public accounting firm are discretionary items.     Generally, banks, brokers and other nominees that do not receive voting instructions from beneficial owners may vote on these proposals in their discretion.
Attending the Annual Meeting
You will need to provide proof that you own shares of the Company as of February 28, 2019. Attendance is limited to stockholders of record as of February 28, 2019.     Please note that cameras, sound or video recording equipment, cellular telephones, or similar electronic devices, large bags, briefcases or packages will not be allowed in the meeting room.
You will need to bring your legal proxy and hand it in with a signed ballot that will be provided to you at the meeting. You will not be able to vote your shares at the     meeting without a legal proxy.
Tabulation and Counting of Votes
The Company retains an independent inspector of election from its Transfer Agent, American Stock Transfer and Trust Company, to attend its Annual Meeting and to certify     the results of the vote.
Revoking a Vote
Any proxy given pursuant to this solicitation may be revoked by the person giving it at any time before it is voted. A proxy may be revoked in writing to the Company's     Corporate Secretary, at or before taking of the vote at the Annual Meeting. A written notice of revocation or a duly executed proxy, in either case later dated than the prior proxy relating to the same shares will be treated as the final vote.
A proxy may also be revoked by attending the Annual Meeting and voting in person, although attendance at the Annual Meeting will not itself revoke a proxy. Any written     notice of revocation or subsequent proxy should be sent so as to be delivered to A. M. Castle & Co., 1420 Kensington Road, Suite 220, Oak Brook, Illinois 60523, Attention: Corporate Secretary, or hand delivered to the Corporate Secretary, at or     before the taking of the vote at the Annual Meeting.
Voting Results
The Company will announce the preliminary voting results at the Annual Meeting . The Company will report the final results on a Current Report on Form 8-K, to be filed     with the SEC within four business days following the Annual Meeting.
Communication with Directors
Stockholders and others who are interested in communicating directly with the Company's chairperson, any individual director, the Board, or non-management directors as a     group may do so by writing to the directors at the following address:
A.M. Castle & Co.        Board Communication        1420 Kensington Road, Suite 220        Oak Brook, Illinois 60523        Attn: Corporate Secretary
All written communications are received and processed by the Company prior to being forwarded to the chairperson of the board or other appropriate members of the Board.     Directors generally will not be forwarded communications that are primarily commercial in nature, relate to improper or irrelevant topics, or request general information about the Company.
In addition, the Audit Committee has established both a telephonic voice call-in and electronic communication method on an independent website (https://www.convercent.com) entitled "Convercent" which also can be accessed from the Company's website. The system provides for electronic communication, either     anonymously or identified, for employees, vendors, and other interested parties to communicate concerns, including concerns with respect to the Company's accounting, internal controls or financial reporting, to the Audit Committee. Concerns may be     reported via telephone at 1-800-461-9330 or via the link to Convercent which can be found on the "Corporate         Governance" section of the Company's website at: https://castlemetals.com/investors/corporate-governance.
Questions and Answers
How are proxies solicited and what is the cost?
All of the expenses involved in preparing, assembling, and mailing this Proxy Statement and the material enclosed herewith will be paid by the Company, including, upon     request, expenses incurred in forwarding proxies and proxy statements to beneficial owners of stock held in the name of another. The Company has not retained an external proxy solicitor for 2019. Officers, directors, and employees of the Company may     solicit proxies from certain stockholders; however, no additional compensation will be paid to those individuals for these activities.
What is Householding?
The SEC has adopted rules that permit companies and intermediaries, such as brokers, to satisfy the delivery requirements for proxy statements and annual reports with     respect to two or more stockholders sharing the same address by delivering a single proxy statement addressed to those stockholders. This process, which is commonly referred to as "householding," potentially means extra convenience for stockholders and     cost savings for companies.
If you receive notice from your broker that it will be householding communications to your address, householding will continue until you are notified otherwise or until     you revoke your consent. The Company will deliver promptly upon written or oral request a separate copy of its Annual Report and proxy statement or notice to any stockholder who received these materials at a shared address. If, at any time, you no     longer wish to participate in householding and would prefer to receive a separate proxy statement and annual report, please notify your broker directly or direct your written request to: Corporate Secretary, A. M. Castle & Co., 1420 Kensington     Road, Suite 220, Oak Brook, Illinois 60523, or by phone at (847) 455-7111. If you and other stockholders of record with whom you share an address currently receive multiple copies of annual reports and/or proxy statements, or if you hold stock in more     than one account and, in either case, you wish to receive only a single copy of the annual report or proxy statement for your household, please contact your broker directly or director your request to the Corporate Secretary at the telephone number or     address above.
Availability of Form 10-K and Annual Report to Stockholders
The Company will provide a copy of its Annual Report to any stockholder requesting a copy in writing. The Company will also provide copies of the Annual Report to     brokers, dealers, banks, voting trustees, and their nominees for the benefit of their beneficial owners of record. Additional copies of the Annual Report, which also contains the Company's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018, are     available without charge to stockholders upon written request to the Company at 1420 Kensington Road, Suite 220, Oak Brook, Illinois 60523, Attention: Corporate Secretary.
Stockholder Proposals for 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
In order for proposals by stockholders to be considered for inclusion in the Company's Proxy Statement and form of proxy for the Company's 2020 Annual Meeting of     Stockholders, Maryland Law, the Company's Bylaws, SEC rules and NASDAQ rules require that any stockholder proposals must be received no later than November 20, 2019. In addition, the Company's Bylaws require a stockholder who wishes to propose a     nominee for election as a director or any other business matter for consideration at the 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to give advance written notice to the Company between January 2, 2019, and February 1, 2020.
 