 Use these links to rapidly review the document    TABLE OF CONTENTS  TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Table of Contents 
UNITED STATES  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  Washington, D.C. 20549  
 SCHEDULE 14A
Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of  the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No.          ) 
 Table of Contents 
 Table of Contents 
March 19, 2019 
Dear Stockholder: 
        We are pleased to invite you to attend Clearway Energy, Inc.'s Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be held at 9 a.m., Eastern Time, on Wednesday, May 1, 2019, at the Hyatt Regency Princeton, located at 102 Carnegie Center, Princeton, New Jersey 08540. Details regarding admission to the meeting and the business to be conducted are more fully described in the accompanying Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement. 
        Your vote is important. Whether or not you plan to attend the Annual Meeting, we hope you will vote as soon as possible. Information about voting methods is set forth in the accompanying Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement. 
        On behalf of Clearway Energy, Inc., I thank you for your ongoing interest and investment in Clearway Energy, Inc. We are committed to acting in your best interests. If you have any questions with respect to voting, please call our proxy solicitor, MacKenzie Partners, Inc. at (800) 322-2885 (toll free). 
Sincerely, 
Jonathan Bram  Chairman of the Board
THIS PROXY STATEMENT AND PROXY CARD ARE  BEING DISTRIBUTED ON OR ABOUT MARCH 19, 2019. 
Table of Contents 
Clearway Energy, Inc.   300 Carnegie Center, Suite 300, Princeton, New Jersey 08540  
 NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS  
When:    Wednesday, May 1, 2019, 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time 
Where:    Hyatt Regency Princeton, located at 102 Carnegie Center, Princeton, New Jersey 08540 
We are pleased to invite you to join our Board of Directors and senior leadership at the Clearway Energy, Inc. 2019 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.
      ITEMS OF BUSINESS:         
      RECORD DATE:         
You are entitled to vote if you were a stockholder of record of our Class A, Class B, Class C or Class D common stock at the close of business on March 4, 2019. 
      Voting Information         
      HOW TO VOTE:         
Even if you plan to attend the Annual Meeting in person, please vote right away using one of the following advance voting methods. Make sure to have your proxy card or voting instruction form in hand and follow the instructions in the card or form. 
   Via the Internet:  
You may vote at www.proxyvote.com, from anywhere in the world, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, up until 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on April 30, 2019. 
   By phone:  
If you live in the United States, you may vote 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, up until 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on April 30, 2019, by calling 1-800-690-6903 from a touch-tone phone. 
   By mail:  
If you received a paper copy of the materials, you may mark, sign, date and mail your proxy card or voting instruction card in the enclosed, postage-paid address envelope, as soon as possible as it must be received by the Company prior to May 1, 2019, the Annual Meeting date. 
   In person:  
You can vote by a ballot that will be provided to you at the Annual Meeting. However, if you are a beneficial owner of shares held in street name (through a bank, broker or other nominee), you must bring a legal proxy from your bank, broker or other nominee to vote in person. 
By Order of the Board of Directors 
KEVIN P. MALCARNEY  Senior Vice President, General Counsel and  Corporate Secretary
Table of Contents 
   2019 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS              PROXY STATEMENT              TABLE OF CONTENTS         
 PROXY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS
 GOVERNANCE OF THE COMPANY
 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON
 PROPOSAL NO. 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
 PROPOSAL NO. 2 APPROVAL OF THE AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
 PROPOSAL NO. 3 APPROVAL, ON AN ADVISORY BASIS, OF THE COMPANY'S EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
 STOCK OWNERSHIP OF DIRECTORS, NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PERSON TRANSACTIONS
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
 COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT ON EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
 COMPENSATION COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER PARTICIPATION
 SECTION 16(A) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING COMPLIANCE
 AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT
 INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
 QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS
 REQUIREMENTS FOR SUBMISSION OF STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS FOR THE 2020 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
 APPENDIX A Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
 APPENDIX B Marked Copy of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
Table of Contents 
    PROXY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS         
        This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this proxy statement (Proxy Statement). This summary does not contain all of the information that you should consider, and you should read the entire Proxy Statement before voting. For information regarding Clearway Energy, Inc.'s 2018 performance, please review Clearway Energy, Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 (2018 Form 10-K).
      ROADMAP OF VOTING MATTERS         
        Stockholders are being asked to vote on the following matters at the 2019 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (Annual Meeting): 
Table of Contents 
      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE HIGHLIGHTS         
        We are committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance, which promote the long-term interests of our stockholders, strengthen Board and management accountability and help build public trust in the Company. The "Governance of the Company" section beginning on page 4 describes our corporate governance framework, which includes the following highlights: 
[BEGIN TABLE]
• Separate Chairman and  Chief Executive Officer• Lead Independent  Director 
• Separate Chairman and  Chief Executive Officer• Lead Independent  Director 
• 9 director  nominees• Independent audit and  governance committees 
• 9 director  nominees• Independent audit and  governance committees 
• 4 independent director  nominees• Regular executive  sessions of independent directors 
• 4 independent director  nominees• Regular executive  sessions of independent directors 
• Risk oversight by full  Board and committees• Anti-hedging and  anti-pledging policies 
• Risk oversight by full  Board and committees• Anti-hedging and  anti-pledging policies 
• Annual self-evaluation of  full Board and each committee• Director orientation and  continuing education program 
• Annual self-evaluation of  full Board and each committee• Director orientation and  continuing education program 
[END TABLE]
      DIRECTOR NOMINEES         
[BEGIN TABLE]
    Jonathan Bram   53   2018   NO   0       ü     
    Chairman of the Board of the Company, Founding Partner of Global Infrastructure Partners                             
 Nathaniel Anschuetz   31   2018   NO   0             
 Vice President of Global Infrastructure Partners                             
    Brian R. Ford(2)   70   2013   YES   1   ★   ü   ü 
    Former Chief Executive Officer of Washington Philadelphia Partners, LP                             
 Bruce MacLennan   52   2018   NO   0             
 Partner of Global Infrastructure Partners                             
    Ferrell P. McClean   72   2013   YES   0   ü   ★   ★ 
    Former Managing Director at J.P. Morgan Chase & Co.                             
 Daniel B. More   62   2019   YES   1   ü   ü   ü 
 Senior Advisor at Guggenheim Securities                             
    E. Stanley O'Neal   67   2018   YES   2   ü         
    Former Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Merrill Lynch & Co.                             
 Christopher S. Sotos   47   2013   NO   1             
 President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company                             
    Scott Stanley   62   2018   NO   1             
    Operating Partner of Global Infrastructure Partners                             
[END TABLE]
 Table of Contents
      QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS         
        Please see the Questions and Answers section beginning on page 70 for important information about the proxy materials, voting and the Annual Meeting. Additional questions may be directed to our proxy solicitor, MacKenzie Partners, Inc. at (800) 322-2885 or  proxy@mackenziepartners.com. 
      LEARN MORE ABOUT OUR COMPANY         
        You can learn more about the Company and view our governance materials and much more by visiting the "Corporate Governance" section of our website, www.clearwayenergy.com.
        Please also visit our Annual Meeting website at www.proxyvote.com to easily access the Company's proxy materials and vote through the Internet.  Table of Contents
    PROXY STATEMENT         
        We are providing these proxy materials to you in connection with the solicitation of proxies by the Board of Clearway Energy, Inc. for the Annual Meeting and for any adjournment or postponement of the Annual Meeting. The Annual Meeting will be held Wednesday, May 1, 2019, at 9 a.m., Eastern Time at the Hyatt Regency Princeton, 102 Carnegie Center, Princeton, NJ 08540. In this Proxy Statement, "we," "us," "our," "Clearway Energy," "Clearway," "CWEN" and the "Company" refer to Clearway Energy, Inc. 
        You are receiving this Proxy Statement because you own shares of our Class A, Class B, Class C or Class D common stock, par value $0.01 per share, that entitle you to vote at the Annual Meeting. By use of a proxy, you can vote whether or not you attend the Annual Meeting. The Proxy Statement describes the matters on which we would like you to vote and provides information on those matters. 
    Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials   for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on Wednesday, May 1, 2019         
        Each of the Notice of Annual Meeting, this Proxy Statement and our 2018 Form 10-K is available at  www.proxyvote.com. If you would like to receive, without charge, a paper copy of our 2018 Form 10-K, including the financial statements and the financial statement schedules, please send your request to Investor Relations, 300 Carnegie Center, Suite 300, Princeton, New Jersey 08540.
    GOVERNANCE OF THE COMPANY         
      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE GUIDELINES AND CHARTERS         
        The Board has adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines (Guidelines) that, along with the Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, the Fourth Amended and Restated Bylaws (Bylaws) and the written charters of the committees of the Board (Committees), provide the framework for the governance of the Company. The Board's Corporate Governance, Conflicts and Nominating Committee is responsible for periodically reviewing the Guidelines and recommending any proposed changes to the Board for approval. The Guidelines are available on the Corporate Governance section of the Company's website at www.clearwayenergy.com, along with the written charters of all of the Committees and the Company's Code of Conduct. The Guidelines, the charters of all of the Committees and the Code of Conduct are also available in print to any stockholder upon request. Stockholders who desire to receive such items in print may request them from the Company's Corporate Secretary by writing to Clearway Energy, Inc., 300 Carnegie Center, Suite 300, Princeton, New Jersey 08540. 
      CONTROLLED COMPANY         
        The Company was formed in 2012 by NRG Energy, Inc. (NRG). We historically served as the primary vehicle through which NRG owned, operated and acquired contracted renewable and conventional generation and thermal infrastructure assets. NRG, through its holdings of Class B common stock and Class D common stock, had a majority voting interest in the Company and received distributions from our subsidiary Clearway Energy LLC, formerly NRG Yield LLC, through its ownership of Class B units and Class D units. In February 2018, Global Infrastructure Partners III LP (GIP), through an affiliate, entered into a purchase and sale agreement with NRG for the acquisition of NRG's full ownership interest in us as well as NRG's renewable energy development and operations platform (GIP Transaction). As a result of the GIP Transaction, which closed on August 31, 2018, GIP, through its portfolio company, Clearway Energy Group LLC (formerly Zephyr Renewables, LLC) (CEG) controls more than 50% of the combined voting power of our common stock and has the voting power to elect the members of our Board. 
        Thus, for purposes of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) rules, we are a "controlled company." Controlled companies under those rules are companies of which more than 50% of the  Table of Contents voting power for the election of directors is held by an individual, a group or another company. As a controlled company, we may take advantage of certain exemptions from corporate governance requirements provided in the NYSE rules. Specifically, we are not required to have (a) a majority of independent directors, (b) a nominating/corporate governance committee composed entirely of independent directors, (c) a compensation committee composed entirely of independent directors or (d) an annual performance evaluation of the nominating/corporate governance and compensation committees. Therefore, our stockholders may not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of the applicable NYSE rules. 
        We currently avail ourselves of the majority of independent directors exemption and the entirely independent compensation committee exemption. However, we have elected to have a Corporate Governance, Conflicts and Nominating Committee consisting entirely of independent directors and we conduct an annual performance evaluation of the Committees. The controlled company exemption does not modify the independence requirements for the Audit Committee, and we comply with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the NYSE rules, which require that our Audit Committee be composed of at least three members, all of whom are independent. 
      BOARD STRUCTURE AND LEADERSHIP         
[BEGIN TABLE]
• Chairman of the  Board: Jonathan Bram• Number of  directors: 9• Number of regular  meetings in 2018: 6• Number of special  meetings in 2018: 6• Annual election of  directors• Separate Chairman and  Chief Executive Officer• Lead Independent  Director: Brian R. Ford• Regular executive  sessions of independent directors• Audit and Corporate  Governance, Conflicts and Nominating Committees composed of all independent directors• Active engagement by  all directors 
• Chairman of the  Board: Jonathan Bram• Number of  directors: 9• Number of regular  meetings in 2018: 6• Number of special  meetings in 2018: 6• Annual election of  directors• Separate Chairman and  Chief Executive Officer• Lead Independent  Director: Brian R. Ford• Regular executive  sessions of independent directors• Audit and Corporate  Governance, Conflicts and Nominating Committees composed of all independent directors• Active engagement by  all directors 
• Chairman of the  Board: Jonathan Bram• Number of  directors: 9• Number of regular  meetings in 2018: 6• Number of special  meetings in 2018: 6• Annual election of  directors• Separate Chairman and  Chief Executive Officer• Lead Independent  Director: Brian R. Ford• Regular executive  sessions of independent directors• Audit and Corporate  Governance, Conflicts and Nominating Committees composed of all independent directors• Active engagement by  all directors 
• Chairman of the  Board: Jonathan Bram• Number of  directors: 9• Number of regular  meetings in 2018: 6• Number of special  meetings in 2018: 6• Annual election of  directors• Separate Chairman and  Chief Executive Officer• Lead Independent  Director: Brian R. Ford• Regular executive  sessions of independent directors• Audit and Corporate  Governance, Conflicts and Nominating Committees composed of all independent directors• Active engagement by  all directors 
• Chairman of the  Board: Jonathan Bram• Number of  directors: 9• Number of regular  meetings in 2018: 6• Number of special  meetings in 2018: 6• Annual election of  directors• Separate Chairman and  Chief Executive Officer• Lead Independent  Director: Brian R. Ford• Regular executive  sessions of independent directors• Audit and Corporate  Governance, Conflicts and Nominating Committees composed of all independent directors• Active engagement by  all directors 
• Chairman of the  Board: Jonathan Bram• Number of  directors: 9• Number of regular  meetings in 2018: 6• Number of special  meetings in 2018: 6• Annual election of  directors• Separate Chairman and  Chief Executive Officer• Lead Independent  Director: Brian R. Ford• Regular executive  sessions of independent directors• Audit and Corporate  Governance, Conflicts and Nominating Committees composed of all independent directors• Active engagement by  all directors 
• Chairman of the  Board: Jonathan Bram• Number of  directors: 9• Number of regular  meetings in 2018: 6• Number of special  meetings in 2018: 6• Annual election of  directors• Separate Chairman and  Chief Executive Officer• Lead Independent  Director: Brian R. Ford• Regular executive  sessions of independent directors• Audit and Corporate  Governance, Conflicts and Nominating Committees composed of all independent directors• Active engagement by  all directors 
• Chairman of the  Board: Jonathan Bram• Number of  directors: 9• Number of regular  meetings in 2018: 6• Number of special  meetings in 2018: 6• Annual election of  directors• Separate Chairman and  Chief Executive Officer• Lead Independent  Director: Brian R. Ford• Regular executive  sessions of independent directors• Audit and Corporate  Governance, Conflicts and Nominating Committees composed of all independent directors• Active engagement by  all directors 
• Chairman of the  Board: Jonathan Bram• Number of  directors: 9• Number of regular  meetings in 2018: 6• Number of special  meetings in 2018: 6• Annual election of  directors• Separate Chairman and  Chief Executive Officer• Lead Independent  Director: Brian R. Ford• Regular executive  sessions of independent directors• Audit and Corporate  Governance, Conflicts and Nominating Committees composed of all independent directors• Active engagement by  all directors 
• Chairman of the  Board: Jonathan Bram• Number of  directors: 9• Number of regular  meetings in 2018: 6• Number of special  meetings in 2018: 6• Annual election of  directors• Separate Chairman and  Chief Executive Officer• Lead Independent  Director: Brian R. Ford• Regular executive  sessions of independent directors• Audit and Corporate  Governance, Conflicts and Nominating Committees composed of all independent directors• Active engagement by  all directors 
[END TABLE]
        Our Board is responsible for, among other things, overseeing the conduct of our business, reviewing and, where appropriate, approving our long-term strategic, financial and organizational goals and plans, and reviewing the performance of our Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and any other members of senior management. Our Board conducts an annual self-evaluation, which includes a review of any areas in which the Board or management believes the Board can make a better contribution to our corporate governance, as well as a review of the committee structure and an assessment of the Board's compliance with corporate governance principles. In fulfilling the Board responsibilities, directors have full access to our management and independent advisors. 
        During the 2018 fiscal year, all directors attended at least 75% of the meetings of the Board and Committees on which they served in 2018. Non-management directors meet in executive session regularly following Board meetings. Directors are encouraged to attend the annual meetings of stockholders. All of the directors who served as such at the time of the meeting attended the 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
        As stated in the Guidelines, the Board understands that there is no single, generally accepted approach to providing Board leadership and that it is in the best interests of the Company for the Board to make a determination regarding whether or not to separate the roles of Chairman and CEO based upon the present circumstances. Currently, Jonathan Bram, a non-executive director and Founding Partner of GIP, our majority stockholder, serves as Chairman of the Board. Irrespective of the Company's current practice, the Board believes that an effective board leadership structure is highly dependent on the experience, skills and personal interaction between persons in leadership roles. Although our Board believes that the separation of the Chairman and CEO roles is appropriate under current circumstances, it will continue to review this issue periodically to determine whether, based on  Table of Contents the relevant facts and circumstances, the combination of these offices would serve the Company's best interests and the best interests of its stockholders. 
        Our President and CEO, Mr. Sotos, and the Chairman, Mr. Bram, work together in complementary roles. Mr. Sotos focuses on the day-to-day operations of the Company and establishes the Company's strategic plan. Mr. Bram leads the Board's responsibilities for reviewing, approving and monitoring fundamental financial and business strategies and major corporate actions, assessing major risks facing the Company and management, and he presides over the Board and its Committees as they perform their oversight functions. The Board believes that these complementary roles provide the appropriate governance structure for the Company at this time. 
        When the Chairman is a director affiliated with our majority owner, GIP, or a member of Company management, or when the independent directors determine that it is in the best interests of the Company, the independent directors will annually appoint from among themselves a Lead Independent Director. Mr. Ford is currently the Lead Independent Director. As Lead Independent Director, Mr. Ford is responsible for the activities of the independent directors and is authorized to call meetings of the independent directors, chairs executive sessions of the independent directors, and performs the other duties either specified in the Guidelines or as assigned from time to time by the Board. 
      GOVERNANCE PRACTICES         
        The Board has taken a proactive approach in applying leading governance practices. As described in the Guidelines, the Board follows a series of governance practices that it believes foster effective Board oversight and accountability to you, our stockholders. These practices include:
      RISK OVERSIGHT         
        The Board does not have a separate risk committee, but instead believes that the entire Board is responsible for overseeing the Company's risk management with the assistance of management and the Committees. The Board performs its risk oversight function in several ways. The Board monitors,  Table of Contents reviews and reacts to strategic and corporate risks through reports by management and Committees. The Chair of each of the Committees regularly report to the Board on all matters reviewed by their Committees, thereby providing the full Board with the opportunity to identify and discuss any risk-related issues or request additional information from management or the Committees that may assist the Board in its risk oversight role. To this end, risk-related issues presented to each Committee are routinely presented to the full Board to ensure proper oversight. 
        With the full Board providing the top level of risk oversight, the Committees have a more specific risk oversight role for matters that fall under their purview. The Audit Committee considers the Company's policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management. The Audit Committee also oversees financial risks, which includes reviewing the effectiveness of our internal controls, conducting a detailed review of the financial portions of the Company's SEC reports, approving the independent auditor and the annual audit plan, and receiving and considering periodic reports from the Company's independent auditor, the Company's internal auditor and the Company's corporate compliance officer. In addition, the Audit Committee oversees risks related to information technology systems and cybersecurity matters. 
        The Compensation Committee oversees risks related to our compensation policies and practices with input from management, and reviews the Company's compensation policies and practices to determine whether they subject the Company to unnecessary risk. As a result of the review, management and the Compensation Committee have concluded that the Company's compensation policies and practices are not reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company. 
        The Corporate Governance, Conflicts and Nominating Committee oversees risks related to our governance practices, including but not limited to, Board and Committee membership and Board effectiveness, as well as risks related to perceived conflicts of interest or changes of control and acquisitions of the CEG ROFO Assets (as defined and described in "Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions") from, and agreements that we have in place with, CEG, and its affiliates, and other related person transactions. 
      DIRECTOR NOMINEE SELECTION PROCESS         
        The Corporate Governance, Conflicts and Nominating Committee is responsible for identifying individuals that the Committee believes are qualified to become Board members in accordance with criteria set forth in the Guidelines. These criteria include (1) relevant knowledge, diversity of background and experience in areas including business, finance, accounting, technology, marketing, international business and government; (2) personal qualities of leadership, character, judgment and whether the candidate possesses a reputation in the community at large of integrity, trust, respect, competence and adherence to the highest ethical standards; (3) roles and contributions valuable to the business community; and (4) whether the candidate is free of conflicts, including the candidate's qualification as "independent" under the various standards applicable to the Board and its committees, and has the time required for preparation, participation and attendance at meetings. The Committee does not assign specific weights to particular criteria and no particular criterion is necessarily applicable to all Board members. While the Company does not have a formal diversity policy, the Guidelines provide that the Committee considers diversity criteria in the context of the perceived needs of the Board as a whole and seeks to achieve a diversity of backgrounds and perspectives on the Board. The composition of the current Board reflects diversity in business and professional experience and skills.  Table of Contents 
        The Corporate Governance, Conflicts and Nominating Committee's process for identifying and evaluating director nominees may also include consultation with all directors, solicitation of proposed nominees from all directors, the engagement of one or more professional search firms (if deemed appropriate), interviews with prospective nominees by the Committee (and other directors, if deemed appropriate) and recommendations regarding qualified candidates to the full Board. 
      Stockholder-Recommended Director Candidates         
        The Corporate Governance, Conflicts and Nominating Committee considers nominations by stockholders who recommend candidates for election to the Board. A stockholder seeking to recommend a prospective candidate for the Committee's consideration may do so by writing to the Corporate Secretary, at Clearway Energy, Inc., 300 Carnegie Center, Suite 300, Princeton, New Jersey 08540, and by following the requirements to submit nominees discussed under "Stockholder Proposals or Stockholder Nomination of Director to be brought at the 2020 Annual Meeting (without Inclusion in the Company's Proxy Statement)." 
      Stockholder-Nominated Director Candidates         
        As discussed under "Requirements for Submission of Stockholder Proposals for the 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders," stockholders intending to appear at the 2020 Annual Meeting in order to nominate a candidate for election by the stockholders at the meeting (in cases where the Board does not intend to nominate the candidate or where the Corporate Governance, Conflicts and Nominating Committee was not requested to consider his or her candidacy) must comply with the procedures in the Bylaws, a copy of which is available upon request to the Company's Corporate Secretary. 
      BOARD COMMITTEES         
        The Board has the following three standing Committees:
        The membership and the functions of each Committee are described below. 
      Audit Committee         
        The Audit Committee represents and provides assistance to the Board with respect to matters involving the accounting, auditing, financial reporting, internal control and legal compliance functions of the Company and its subsidiaries, including assisting the Board in its oversight of the integrity of the  Table of Contents
Company's financial statements, compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, the qualifications, independence, and performance of the Company's independent auditors, the performance of the Company's internal audit function, and effectiveness of the Company's financial risk management. 
        Among other things, the Audit Committee:  Table of Contents
        The Board has determined that all of the current Audit Committee members, as well as John F. Chlebowski who retired as a director and a member of the Audit Committee on January 4, 2019, are independent according to the rules and regulations of the SEC and the listing standards of the NYSE with respect to audit committee membership. 
      Compensation Committee         
        The Compensation Committee provides leadership and guidance to the Board regarding the Company's overall compensation strategy, structure, policies and programs and matters relating to executive and director compensation. 
        Among other things, the Compensation Committee:  Table of Contents
        The Compensation Committee may delegate to one or more subcommittees such power and authority as the Compensation Committee deems appropriate. No subcommittee can consist of fewer than two members, and the Compensation Committee may not delegate to a subcommittee any power or authority that is required by any law, regulation or listing standard to be exercised by the Compensation Committee as a whole. 
        The Compensation Committee has the authority to retain at the expense of the Company such outside counsel, experts, and other advisors as it determines appropriate to assist it in the full performance of its functions, including sole authority to retain and terminate any compensation consultant used to assist the Compensation Committee in the evaluation of directors, or, if applicable, CEO or senior executive compensation, and to approve the consultant's fees and other retention terms. Pay Governance, the Compensation Committee's independent compensation consultant for fiscal year 2018, assisted with director compensation and executive pay data and worked with the Compensation Committee to formulate the design of the director compensation and executive compensation programs. 
        The Board has determined that Ms. McClean, Mr. Ford and Mr. More, as well as Mr. Chlebowski who served on the Committee during 2018, are independent under the listing standards of the NYSE and that they are "nonemployee directors" for purposes of Rule 16b-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act). 
      Corporate Governance, Conflicts and Nominating Committee         
        The Corporate Governance, Conflicts, and Nominating Committee provides leadership and guidance to the Board and to the Company regarding matters of corporate governance, transactions involving potential conflicts of interest or changes of control, the selection and evaluation of members of the Board, and the Board and committees annual performance review. 
        Among other things, the Corporate Governance, Conflicts and Nominating Committee:  Table of Contents
        The Board and each of the Committees conduct annual self-evaluations to assess their effectiveness and review their charters. Individual directors are also evaluated by the Board. The Corporate Governance, Conflicts and Nominating Committee coordinates each of these annual evaluations. 
        The Board has determined that all of the Corporate Governance, Conflicts, and Nominating Committee members are independent under the listing standards of the NYSE.  Table of Contents
      CODE OF CONDUCT         
        Our Board has adopted a Code of Conduct that applies to all of our directors and officers, including our CEO, CFO, and Principal Accounting Officer. Our Code of Conduct is available on our website. If we amend or grant a waiver of one or more of the provisions of our Code of Conduct, we intend to satisfy the requirements under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding the disclosure of amendments to or waivers from provisions of our Code of Conduct that apply to our principal executive, financial and accounting officers by posting the required information on our website. Our website is not part of this Proxy Statement. 
      ANTI-HEDGING AND ANTI-PLEDGING POLICIES         
        The Company prohibits executive officers, directors and employees from directly or indirectly engaging in any kind of hedging transaction that could reduce or limit their economic risk with respect to their holdings, ownership or interest in the Company's securities including prepaid variable forward contracts, equity swaps, collars, puts, calls and options. The Company also prohibits executive officers, directors and employees from directly or indirectly engaging in any transaction in which the Company's securities are being pledged. 
      COMMUNICATION WITH DIRECTORS         
        Stockholders and other interested parties may communicate with the Board by writing to the Corporate Secretary, Clearway Energy, Inc., 300 Carnegie Center, Suite 300, Princeton, New Jersey 08540. Communications intended for a specific director or directors should be addressed to their attention to the Corporate Secretary at the address provided above. Communications received from stockholders are forwarded directly to Board members as part of the materials mailed in advance of the next scheduled Board meeting following receipt of the communications. The Board has authorized the Corporate Secretary, in his discretion, to forward communications on a more expedited basis if circumstances warrant or to exclude a communication if it is illegal, unduly hostile or threatening, or similarly inappropriate. Advertisements, solicitations for periodical or other subscriptions, and other similar communications generally will not be forwarded to the directors.  Table of Contents 
    PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON              PROPOSAL NO. 1              ELECTION OF DIRECTORS         
        Each of the nine nominees for director named in this Proxy Statement has been nominated by the Board upon recommendation of the Corporate Governance, Conflicts and Nominating Committee. The persons named as proxies on the proxy card intend to vote the proxies for the election of the nominees listed below to the Board. Proxies cannot be voted for a greater number of persons than the number of nominees named. Each nominee listed below has consented to being named in this Proxy Statement and to serve as a director if elected. The biography for each nominee includes the specific experience, qualifications, attributes and skills that led the Board to conclude that the nominee should serve as a director. The Board believes that each of the directors has valuable individual skills and experiences that, taken together, provide the Company with the variety and depth of knowledge, judgment and vision necessary to provide effective oversight of the Company. 
      Nominees for Director         
        The terms of all of our directors are scheduled to expire at the 2019 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, at which time all nine incumbents will stand for re-election. As set forth below (see Proposal No. 2), the Board is proposing to stagger the terms of the directors of the Company by classifying the Board into two separate classes, Class I and Class II, each as nearly equal in number as possible, with one class being elected each year to serve a staggered two-year term, other than the initial term of the Class I Directors. The directors initially elected in Class I would serve until the 2020 Annual Meeting, and the election and qualification of his or her successor. The directors initially elected in Class II would serve until the 2021 Annual Meeting, and the election and qualification of his or her successor. Beginning with the election of directors to be held at the 2020 Annual Meeting, and going forward, the class of directors elected in each year would be elected for a two-year term, so that the term of office of one class of directors would expire each year. 
        If Proposal No. 2 is not approved, the following nine director nominees, if elected, will serve a one-year term until the 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and until their successors are duly elected and qualified. 
[BEGIN TABLE]
• Christopher S.  Sotos• Jonathan Bram 
• Christopher S.  Sotos• Jonathan Bram 
• Nathaniel  Anschuetz• Bruce  MacLennan 
• Nathaniel  Anschuetz• Bruce  MacLennan 
• Scott Stanley• E. Stanley  O'Neal 
• Scott Stanley• E. Stanley  O'Neal 
• Ferrell P.  McClean• Brian R. Ford 
• Ferrell P.  McClean• Brian R. Ford 
• Daniel B.  More     
• Daniel B.  More     
[END TABLE]
 Table of Contents Table of Contents Table of Contents Table of Contents Table of Contents
The Board recommends a vote "FOR" the election to the Board of each of the foregoing nominees. Proxies received by the Board will be voted "FOR" each of the nominees unless a contrary vote is specified. Table of Contents 
    DIRECTOR COMPENSATION         
        The chart below describes the compensation program established for our directors for their service as Board members, chairs of the Committees and Lead Independent Director, as applicable, in 2018. Only the independent directors, our non-employee or non-affiliated directors, receive compensation for their services as directors, which is set by our Board based on recommendations by the Compensation Committee. In other words, Mr. Sotos, our CEO and also a director, does not receive compensation for his service as a director in addition to that which he receives as an officer of the company; and none of the directors affiliated with GIP receive compensation for their services as directors. 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Annual Cash Retainer      $ 80,000   
 Annual Deferred Stock Unit Award      $ 95,000   
 Lead Independent Director Retainer      $ 20,000   
 Committee Chair Retainer      $ 15,000   
 Employee or Directors Affiliated with GIP     No compensation   
[END TABLE]
        Our independent directors receive the annual retainer in a combination of cash and equity for their services as directors. In 2018, the Compensation Committee and Board increased the equity portion of the annual retainer by $15,000. Accordingly, the independent directors received $80,000 of their total annual retainer in the form of cash and the remaining $95,000 in the form of deferred stock units (DSUs) issued under our Amended and Restated 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (LTIP). In addition to receiving a portion of the annual retainer in DSUs, directors may defer the cash component of their annual retainers into additional DSUs. 
        Each DSU issued in 2018 was equivalent in value to one share of Class C common stock and represents the right to receive one such share of Class C common stock payable at the time elected by the director or immediately if no such election is made, or in the event the director does not make an election with respect to payment in a particular year, in accordance with his or her prior deferral election. In the event that a director's service with the Company is terminated for any reason, other than cause, DSU awards are payable in accordance with such director's deferral election. If a director's service with the Company is terminated for cause, the award is forfeited. In connection with the grants of the DSUs, each independent director also received dividend equivalent rights (DERs) which become exercisable proportionately with the DSUs to which they relate. Each DER represents the right to receive one share of Class A common stock or Class C common stock, as applicable, under its terms. 
        Similar to its competitive assessment of NEO compensation, Pay Governance, the Compensation Committee's compensation consultant, performed a review of director compensation in 2018. Results of the review were shared with the Compensation Committee, which made a recommendation to the full Board for final approval. Furthermore, the Compensation Committee and Board approved a $50,000 cash stipend for each member of the Corporate Governance, Conflicts and Nominating Committee for 2018 in recognition of the significant time and effort devoted by such independent directors to the Corporate Governance, Conflicts and Nominating Committee in connection with the GIP Transaction. The Compensation Committee additionally approved a stock ownership guideline for directors requiring stock ownership equal to five times the annual cash retainer fee. Although directors are not required to make purchases of our common stock to meet their target ownership multiple, they are restricted from divesting any securities until such ownership multiple is attained, except to make a required tax payment, and must maintain their ownership multiple after any such transactions. 
        In addition, our independent directors are reimbursed for out-of-pocket expenses in connection with attending meetings of the Board or its Committees. As a general matter, we expect that in the future, any independent director will receive grants of equity-based awards upon appointment to our Board and from time to time thereafter for so long as he or she serves as a director.  Table of Contents
        Each member of our Board is indemnified for his or her actions associated with being a director to the fullest extent permitted under Delaware law. In addition, we have entered into indemnification agreements with each of our directors as well as our executive officers. The indemnification agreements provide the directors and executive officers with contractual rights to indemnification, expense advancement and reimbursement, to the fullest extent permitted under Delaware law. 
    Director Compensation   Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2018(1) 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 John F. Chlebowski(4)      $ 172,500      $ 173,613      $ 346,113   
 Brian R. Ford      $ 162,500      $ 142,161      $ 304,661   
 Ferrell P. McClean(5)      $ 75,000      $ 251,416      $ 326,416   
[END TABLE]
 Table of Contents
        The following table sets forth the aggregate number of stock awards (DSUs and DERs) held by each of the independent directors as of December 31, 2018. All DSUs held by the independent directors are payable upon termination of service as a Board member. 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 John F. Chlebowski(1)     13,396     37,282   
 Brian R. Ford     5,971     28,355   
 Ferrell P. McClean     11,941     28,945   
[END TABLE]
 Table of Contents
    PROPOSAL NO. 2              APPROVAL OF THE AMENDED AND RESTATED   CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION         
        On August 31, 2018, in connection with the consummation of the GIP Transaction, the Company entered into a Voting and Governance Agreement with CEG (Voting and Governance Agreement). The Voting and Governance Agreement relates to certain governance matters of the Company, including the composition of our Board and the implementation of this Proposal No. 2, to stagger the Board, which is subject to a vote of stockholders at this Annual Meeting. 
        Under our Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (Current Certificate), the entire Board of Directors is elected at each annual meeting of stockholders to serve until the next annual meeting or until their respective successors are elected and qualified. We are seeking stockholder approval to amend and restate our Current Certificate in order to provide for a classified or "staggered" Board, comprised of two classes with staggered two-year terms, and to provide that directors may only be removed for cause. In addition to satisfying the requirements set forth in the Voting and Governance Agreement, our Board of Directors has unanimously determined that it is advisable and in the best interests of our stockholders to approve this Proposal No. 2 in order to assure the continuity and stability of our long-term policies in the future, including by assuring the continuity and stability of our independent directors, as well as reducing the Company's vulnerability to hostile and potentially abusive takeover attempts. In light of the GIP Transaction, which resulted in changes in our leadership, the Board believes it is appropriate to implement changes that will preserve our long-term strategy and goals. 
        This Proposal No. 2 also provides for the amendment of the Current Certificate to make certain technical changes as a result of the GIP Transaction, as defined previously in this Proxy Statement (Certificate Changes). We are seeking the Certificate Changes in order to comply with the Voting and Governance Agreement. 
        The description of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation in this Proxy Statement is qualified in its entirety by reference to, and should be read in conjunction with, the full text of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, which is attached to this Proxy Statement as Appendix A. For convenience, a copy of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation showing the changes from the Current Certificate, with deleted text shown as strike-through and added text shown as underlined, is attached to this Proxy Statement as Appendix B. 
      Classified Board         
        The Board is proposing to stagger the terms of the directors of the Company by classifying the Board into two separate classes, Class I and Class II, each as nearly equal in number as possible, with one class being elected each year to serve a staggered two-year term, other than the initial term of the Class I Directors. For additional information about the classes in which our nominees are expected to serve if Proposal No. 2 is approved, see Proposal No. 1 regarding director elections. The directors initially elected in Class I would serve until the Company's 2020 Annual Meeting and the election and qualification of his or her successor. The directors initially elected in Class II would serve until the 2021 Annual Meeting and the election and qualification of his or her successor. Beginning with the election of directors at the 2020 Annual Meeting, and going forward, the Class I Directors would be elected for a two-year term. As a result, one class of directors would expire and be subject to election each year following the 2020 Annual Meeting.  Table of Contents
   Advantages of a Classified Board  
        Our Board believes that a classified board of directors with two-year terms will help to assure the continuity and stability of our long-term policies in the future, including by assuring the continuity and stability of our independent directors, as well as reducing the Company's vulnerability to hostile and potentially abusive takeover tactics that could be adverse to the best interests of the Company's stockholders. A classified board would not preclude unsolicited acquisition proposals but, by eliminating the threat of imminent removal, would put our Board in a position to act to maximize value for all stockholders. A classified board will ensure that a significant number of the members of the Board of Directors at any given time will have prior experience as directors of the Company and will be familiar with our long-term strategy and goals. This knowledge will assist the directors in fulfilling their duties to our stockholders, providing for greater effectiveness, which ultimately creates value for our stockholders. 
   Disadvantages of a Classified Board  
        There are some disadvantages to having a classified board. The additional time required to obtain control of a staggered board may discourage takeover bids that stockholders might deem desirable. The adoption of the proposed classified board may also increase the time required to change management, even if a majority of the stockholders are dissatisfied with the management and believe such a change would be beneficial. 
      Removal of Directors         
        Our Current Certificate provides that directors may be removed by stockholders with or without cause. Pursuant to the Voting and Governance Agreement, and in connection with our implementation of a classified board for the reasons specified above, the Board is proposing to amend our Current Certificate to provide that directors can be removed by stockholders only for cause. 
   Advantages of "For Cause" Removal  
        We believe that amending our Current Certificate to provide that directors can be removed by stockholders only for cause will help to ensure that there is a continuity of leadership on the Board and that our Board will be able to act in the best interests of the Company without undue pressure from certain stockholders. Each of the directors has a fiduciary duty to act in the best interests of the stockholders of the Company in the management of the Company's affairs. Our Board believes limiting director removal only for cause in conjunction with a director's fiduciary duties will create an environment for long-term growth without creating undue pressures. In addition, because we are a controlled company, limiting our stockholders ability to remove directors other than for cause would also serve to protect our minority public stockholders, as it would prevent our majority stockholder from being able to effect substantial and frequent changes in the composition of our Board. 
   Disadvantages of "For Cause" Removal  
        The limitation of our stockholders ability to remove a director from our Board other than for cause could be perceived negatively by the market and could negatively affect the performance of our stock, which may negatively affect our stockholders. The amendment may be perceived negatively as limiting stockholder's ability to hold directors accountable, and therefore disfavored by shareholder advisory firms and the such. However, the Board considered the prevalence of limiting stockholders' ability to remove directors other than for cause in its expected peer group who also have implemented a classified board and believes that companies that have implemented a classified board also have limited stockholders' ability to remove directors other than for cause.  Table of Contents
      Technical Updates as a Result of the GIP Transaction         
   FERC Changes  
        We are additionally proposing to amend references to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) and related matters (FERC Updates). We are proposing to modify a restriction on certain transfers of our Class A and Class C shares to reflect the change in ownership of our Class B and Class D shares, as well as changes in FERC policies announced since the existing transfer restriction was put in place. The transfer restriction was put in place to ensure that FERC approval under Section 203 of the Federal Power Act (FPA) is obtained prior to any transfer of our Class A or Class C shares that might be deemed to result in a change in direct or indirect "control" over any of our subsidiaries that are "public utilities" under the FPA. It generally prohibits transfers of Class A or Class C shares other than through secondary market transactions that would result in an investor, together with its affiliates, directly or indirectly holding 10% or more of the voting securities of us or any of our public utility subsidiaries. The existing transfer restriction addresses ownership of interests in us and our public utility subsidiaries owned indirectly through ownership of interests in NRG and does so in terms of derivative ownership interests in us based on the voting power of the Class B and Class D shares. The proposed modifications reflect the fact that the Class B and Class D shares are now owned by CEG, not NRG, and also reflect recent FERC precedent limiting reliance on derivative ownership interests. 
        As modified, the transfer restriction would require board approval for any transfer of our Class A or Class C shares other than through secondary market transactions if, after such a transfer, a given investor, together with its affiliates, would hold 10% or more of our voting securities. Board approval would also be required if, after such a transfer, the sum of the following equals or exceeds 10%: (a) the percentage of our voting securities held by the investor and its affiliates (other than indirectly through interests in CEG), plus (b) the percentage of CEG's voting securities held by the investor and its affiliates, plus (c) the percentage of any of our public utility subsidiaries' voting securities held by the investor and its affiliates (other than indirectly through interests in us and CEG). The latter provision is a conservative screen that we regard as prudent in light of current FERC policy in this area. In addition, given that the underlying purpose of the restriction is to ensure that FERC approval under Section 203 is obtained as appropriate, the affiliate definition would be revised to reference the affiliate definition in FERC's regulations. 
        We view the FERC Updates as non-substantive changes that are necessary to reflect our current corporate structure in light of the GIP Transaction. 
   Other Technical Changes  
        As a result of the GIP Transaction, NRG is no longer our affiliate and references to NRG in the Current Certificate are no longer applicable. We are seeking to amend and restate the Current Certificate, in part, to replace references to NRG in the Current Certificate with references to GIP (Reference Updates). Certain of these Reference Updates are located in provisions of the Current Certificate, which, by the terms of the Current Certificate, require the affirmative vote of 66 and 2/3% of the combined voting power of shares of our common stock outstanding and entitled to vote to amend. 
        We view the Reference Updates as non-substantive changes that are necessary to reflect our current corporate structure in light of the GIP Transaction. 
      Required Vote         
        Adoption of this proposal requires the affirmative vote of 66 and 2/3% of the combined voting power of shares of our common stock outstanding and entitled to vote. Abstentions and broker  Table of Contents non-votes will have the same effect as a vote "against" this proposal. If our stockholders approve the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, it would become effective upon acceptance of its filing by the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. If our stockholders do not approve this proposal, the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation will not be filed and the classified Board will not be implemented. The Board reserves the right to abandon or delay the filing of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation even if it is approved by our stockholders. 
The Board recommends that you vote "FOR" the proposal to approve the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation Proposal. Proxies received by the Board will be voted "FOR" the approval of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation Proposal unless otherwise specified. Table of Contents
    PROPOSAL NO. 3              APPROVAL, ON AN ADVISORY BASIS, OF THE COMPANY'S EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION         
        Under Section 14A of the Exchange Act, the stockholders of the Company are entitled to vote at this year's Annual Meeting to approve the compensation of the NEOs, as disclosed in this Proxy Statement pursuant to Item 402 of Regulation S-K (Regulation S-K) of the rules and regulations under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (Securities Act). Currently, this vote is conducted every year. The next vote will occur at the 2020 Annual Meeting. 
        As described more fully in the CD&A beginning on page 47, the Company's executive compensation program is designed to attract, retain and reward top executive talent. The intent of the Company's compensation program is to reward the achievement of the Company's annual goals and objectives while supporting the Company's long-term business strategy. 
        This proposal, commonly known as a "say on pay" proposal, gives stockholders the opportunity to express their views on the NEOs' compensation. This vote is not intended to address any specific item of compensation, but rather the overall compensation of the NEOs as described in this Proxy Statement. Accordingly, the Board recommends that stockholders vote in favor of the following resolution: 
"RESOLVED, that the compensation paid to the NEOs, as disclosed pursuant to Item 402 of Regulation S-K, including the CD&A, compensation tables and narrative discussion, is hereby APPROVED." 
        The say on pay vote is advisory and therefore not binding on the Company, the Board or the Compensation Committee. However, the Board and the Compensation Committee value the opinions of the stockholders and to the extent there is a significant number of votes against the NEO compensation as disclosed in this Proxy Statement, stockholders' concerns will be considered and the Board and the Compensation Committee will evaluate actions necessary to address those concerns. 
The Board recommends a vote "FOR" the approval of the Company's executive compensation as disclosed in this Proxy Statement. Proxies received by the Board will be voted "FOR" the approval of the Company's executive compensation unless a contrary vote is specified. Table of Contents 
    EXECUTIVE OFFICERS         
        Our executive officers are elected by the Board annually to hold office until their successors are elected and qualified. The biographical information for each of the executive officers is provided below. 
   Christopher S. Sotos  Age 47  President and Chief Executive Officer 
        For biographical information for Christopher S. Sotos, see "Proposal No. 1—Nominees for Director." 
   Chad Plotkin  Age 43  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
        Mr. Plotkin has served as our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since November 2016. Prior to this appointment, he served in various roles at NRG for over nine years, most recently serving as Senior Vice President, Finance and Strategy, of NRG since January 2016. Prior to this, he served in varying capacities at NRG, including as Vice President of Investor Relations of both the Company and NRG from September 2015 to January 2016 and from January 2012 to February 2015 and Vice President of Finance of NRG from February 2015 to September 2015. From October 2007 to January 2012, Mr. Plotkin served in various capacities in the Strategy and Mergers and Acquisitions group of NRG, including as Vice President, beginning in December 2010. 
   Kevin P. Malcarney  Age 52  Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary 
        Mr. Malcarney has served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary since May 11, 2018. He served as Interim General Counsel of the Company from March 16, 2018. Mr. Malcarney was previously Vice President and Deputy General Counsel and served in various other roles at NRG since September 2008. Prior to that, Mr. Malcarney worked at two major law firms in Princeton, New Jersey and Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and handled mergers and acquisitions, project financing and general corporate matters. 
   Mary-Lee Stillwell  Age 45  Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer 
        Ms. Stillwell has served as Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer of the Company since August 31, 2018. Ms. Stillwell previously served as Vice President and Assistant Controller of NRG since December 2012, where she was responsible for managing and directing NRG's financial accounting and reporting activities as well as overseeing the accounting for the Renewables business and various shared service functions. Prior to her work at NRG, Ms. Stillwell served as Assistant Controller—Integration and Internal Controls of GenOn Energy, Inc., in Houston, Texas, from September 2010 to December 2012, where she was responsible for all Sarbanes-Oxley compliance as well as integrations of mergers and acquisitions.  Table of Contents
    STOCK OWNERSHIP OF DIRECTORS, NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND   CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS         
      STOCK OWNERSHIP OF DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS         
        The following table sets forth information concerning beneficial ownership of the Company's Class A and Class C common stock and combined voting power of Class A, Class B, Class C and Class D common stock for: (a) each director and the nominees for director; (b) each NEO; and (c) the directors and all executive officers as a group. The percentage of beneficial ownership is based on 34,599,645 shares of Class A common stock outstanding as of March 4, 2019 and 73,325,741 shares of Class C common stock outstanding as of March 4, 2019, and percentage of combined voting power is based on 78,499,041 votes represented by our outstanding Class A, Class B, Class C and Class D common stock in the aggregate as of March 4, 2019. The percentage of beneficial ownership and the percentage of combined voting power also include any shares that such person has the right to acquire within 60 days of March 4, 2019. Unless otherwise indicated, each person has sole voting and dispositive power with respect the shares set forth in the following table. 
        The address of the beneficial owners is Clearway Energy, Inc., 300 Carnegie Center, Suite 300, Princeton, New Jersey 08540. 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Jonathan Bram     —     —     —     —     —   
 Christopher S. Sotos     16,600 (3)   *     75,846 (3)   *     *   
 Chad Plotkin     3,997 (4)   *     16,253 (4)   *     *   
 Kevin P. Malcarney     600 (5)   *     22,200 (5)   *     *   
 Mary-Lee Stillwell     —     —     9,771 (6)   *     *   
 Nathaniel Anschuetz     —     —     —     —     —   
 Brian R. Ford     7,054 (7)   *     29,745 (7)   *     *   
 Bruce MacLennan     —     —     —     —     —   
 Ferrell P. McClean     15,108 (8)   *     58,295 (8)   *     *   
 Daniel B. More     —     —     —     —     *   
 E. Stanley O'Neal     —     —     2,278     *     *   
 Scott Stanley     —     —     —     —     —   
 All directors and executive officers as a group (12 people)     43,359 (9)   *     214,388 (9)   *     *   
[END TABLE]
 Table of Contents
      STOCK OWNERSHIP OF PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS         
        The following table sets forth information for each person known to the Company to own more than five percent of any class of the Company's common stock. The information provided is as of the date of their most recent Schedule 13G or Schedule 13D filing with the SEC. For our stockholders other than the GIP Entities (as defined below), percentage of beneficial ownership is based on 34,599,645 shares of Class A common stock outstanding as of March 4, 2019 and 73,325,741 shares of Class C common stock outstanding as of March 4, 2019, and percentage of combined voting power is based on 78,499,041 votes represented by our outstanding Class A, Class B, Class C and Class D common stock in the aggregate as of March 4, 2019. For the GIP Entities (as defined below), who are the sole beneficial owners of our Class B and Class D common stock, percentage of beneficial  Table of Contents ownership is based on 34,599,645 shares of Class A common stock outstanding as of March 4, 2019 and 73,325,741 shares of Class C common stock outstanding as of March 4, 2019, plus any shares exchangeable into Class A or Class C common stock within 60 days of March 4, 2019, and percentage of combined voting power is based on 78,499,041 votes represented by our outstanding Class A, Class B, Class C and Class D common stock in the aggregate as of March 4, 2019. Unless otherwise indicated, each person has sole voting and dispositive power with respect the shares set forth in the following table. For further information regarding material transactions between us and other related persons, see "Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions." 
[BEGIN TABLE]
         GIP Entities     42,738,750 (3)   55.3%   42,738,750 (3)   36.8%   55.0%(4) 
         1345 Avenue of the Americas,                                 
         30th Floor                                 
         New York, New York 10105                                 
 The Vanguard Group     3,574,077 (5)   10.3%   7,596,798 (5)   10.4%   4.7% 
 100 Vanguard Boulevard                                 
 Malvern, Pennsylvania, 19355                                 
         BlackRock, Inc.      3,274,679 (6)   9.5%   5,375,608 (6)   7.3%   4.2% 
         55 East 52nd Street                                 
         New York, New York 10055                                 
 FMR LLC     2,051,026 (7)   5.9%   5,972,338 (7)   8.1%   2.7% 
 245 Summer Street                                 
 Boston, Massachusetts 02210                                 
         Massachusetts Financial Services Company     1,971,995 (8)   5.7%   —     —     2.5% 
         111 Huntington Avenue                                 
         Boston, Massachusetts 02199                                 
 Morgan Stanley     1,828,361 (9)   5.3%   3,289,200 (9)   4.5%   2.4% 
 1585 Broadway                                 
 New York, New York 10036                                 
         Neuberger Berman Group LLC     —     —     5,034,681 (10)   6.9%   *   
         1290 Avenue of the Americas                                 
         New York, New York 10104                                 
[END TABLE]
 Table of Contents
Fourth Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Clearway Energy LLC" and "Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions—Exchange Agreement." 
      CHANGE IN CONTROL IN LAST FISCAL YEAR         
        On August 31, 2018, pursuant to the terms of a Purchase and Sale Agreement (PSA), dated February 6, 2018, by and among NRG, NRG Repowering Holdings LLC, and CEG, an affiliate of GIP acquired from NRG 100% of the outstanding membership interests of Zephyr Renewables LLC, which owned, among other assets, (i) 100% of the shares of Class B common stock and 100% of the shares of  Table of Contents
Class D common stock of the Company and (ii) 100% of the Class B units and 100% of the Class D units of Clearway Energy LLC (formerly NRG Yield LLC), for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $1.348 billion. GIP funded the purchase price with capital contributions from limited partners of GIP investment funds. As a result of the consummation of the GIP Transaction, GIP indirectly acquired a 45.2% economic interest in Clearway Energy LLC and 55.0% voting interest in the Company as of August 31, 2018. 
        Also in connection with the GIP Transaction, the Company entered into a series of agreements, including the Voting and Governance Agreement. See "Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions—Strategic Sponsorship with GIP" below.  Table of Contents 
    CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PERSON TRANSACTIONS         
      RELATIONSHIP WITH NRG AND GIP         
        Prior to August 31, 2018, NRG, through its holdings of Class B common stock and Class D common stock, had a majority voting interest in the Company and received distributions from our subsidiary Clearway Energy LLC, formerly NRG Yield LLC, through its ownership of Class B units and Class D units. As previously described, in February 2018, GIP, through its affiliate, CEG, entered into the GIP Transaction for the acquisition of NRG's full ownership interest in us as well as NRG's renewable energy development and operations platform. As a result of the GIP Transaction, which closed on August 31, 2018, CEG controls more than 50% of the combined voting power of our common stock and has the voting power to elect the members of our Board. 
        GIP, through its ownership of CEG, indirectly owns all of our outstanding Class B common stock and our Class D common stock, which represents, in the aggregate, 55.0% of the voting interest in our stock and receives distributions from Clearway Energy LLC through its ownership of Class B and Class D units of Clearway Energy LLC. Holders of our Class A common stock and Class C common stock hold, in the aggregate, the remaining 45.0% of the voting interest in our stock. Each holder of Class A or Class B common stock is entitled to one vote for each share held. Each holder of Class C or Class D common stock is entitled to 1/100th of one vote for each share held. The holders of our outstanding shares of Class A and Class C common stock are entitled to dividends as declared. 
        The diagram below depicts our organizational structure as of March 4, 2019. Clearway Energy LLC indirectly holds the equity interests in our project companies.  Table of Contents
      STRATEGIC SPONSORSHIP WITH GIP         
        In connection with the GIP Transaction, the Company entered into a Consent and Indemnity Agreement with NRG and GIP setting forth key terms and conditions of the Company's consent to the GIP Transaction. 
        Also in connection with the GIP Transaction, the Company entered into the following agreements on August 31, 2018: 
   CEG Master Services Agreements  
        The Company, along with Clearway Energy LLC and Clearway Energy Operating LLC, entered into Master Services Agreements with CEG (CEG Master Service Agreements), pursuant to which CEG and certain of its affiliates or third party service providers began providing certain services, including operational and administrative services, which include human resources, information systems, external affairs, accounting, procurement and risk management services, to the Company and certain of its subsidiaries, and the Company and certain of its subsidiaries began providing certain services, including accounting, internal audit, tax and treasury services, to CEG, in exchange for the payment of fees in respect of such services. The amounts paid by CEG or the Company under their respective Master Service Agreements did not exceed $120,000 for the year ended December 31, 2018. 
   Voting and Governance Agreement  
        The Company entered into a Voting and Governance Agreement with CEG, relating to certain governance matters of the Company, including the composition of the Board, implementation of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation Proposal which is subject to a vote of stockholders at this Annual Meeting, and employment status of the CEO of the Company. 
   Limited Liability Company Agreement  
        The Company entered into the Fourth Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Clearway Energy LLC with CEG, which sets forth the rights and obligations of the Company, as managing member, and CEG, as member, of Clearway Energy LLC, as further described below. 
   Transition Services Agreement  
        The Company entered into a Transition Services Agreement with NRG (NRG TSA), pursuant to which NRG or certain of its affiliates began providing certain services to the Company following the consummation of the GIP Transaction, in exchange for the payment of a fee in respect of such services. Expenses related to the NRG TSA are recorded in the acquisition-related and integration costs in the consolidated statements of operations. The agreement is effective until the earlier of June 30, 2019 or the date that all services are terminated by the Company. The Company may extend the term on a month-by-month basis no later than March 31, 2020 for a fixed monthly fee provided for in the agreement. For the year ended December 31, 2018, the Company paid $1.289 million under the NRG TSA. 
      NRG MANAGEMENT SERVICES AGREEMENT         
        Prior to the GIP Transaction, NRG provided the Company with various operational, management, and administrative services, which include human resources, accounting, tax, legal, information systems, treasury, and risk management, as set forth in the Management Services Agreement (NRG Management Services Agreement). However, on August 31, 2018, in connection with the consummation of the GIP Transaction, the Company entered into a Termination Agreement with Clearway  Table of Contents
Energy LLC, Clearway Energy Operating LLC and NRG terminating the NRG Management Services Agreement. 
        Prior to August 31, 2018, under the NRG Management Services Agreement, NRG or certain of its affiliates provided or arranged for the provision by an appropriate service provider for a series of services agreed upon by the parties that are reasonably related to the Company's day-to-day operations, including, but not limited to, causing or supervising the carrying out of all day-to-day management, secretarial, accounting, financial statement presentation, banking, treasury, administrative, liaison, representative, regulatory and reporting functions and obligations. 
        Pursuant to the NRG Management Services Agreement, the Company was obligated to pay a base management fee of approximately $2.125 million per quarter. Costs incurred under this agreement were $7 million for the eight months ended August 31, 2018. The costs incurred under the NRG Management Services Agreement included certain direct expenses incurred by NRG on behalf of the Company in addition to the base management fee. 
        We reimbursed NRG for any out-of-pocket fees, costs and expenses incurred in the provision of the management and administration services. However, we were not required to reimburse NRG for the salaries and other remuneration of its management, personnel or support staff who carried out any services or functions for us or overhead for such persons. 
        In addition, we were required to pay all fees, expenses and costs incurred in connection with the investigation, acquisition, holding or disposal of any acquisition that was made or that was proposed to be made by us. We were also required to pay or reimburse NRG for all sales, use, value added, withholding or other taxes or customs duties or other governmental charges levied or imposed by reason of the NRG Management Services Agreement or any agreement it contemplated, other than income taxes, corporation taxes, capital gains taxes or other similar taxes payable by NRG, which are personal to NRG. 
        Under the NRG Management Services Agreement, NRG did not assume any responsibility other than to provide or arrange for the provision of the services called for thereunder in good faith and was not responsible for any action that we took in following or declining to follow the advice or recommendations of NRG. We agreed to indemnify each of NRG and its affiliates or agents to the fullest extent permitted by law from and against any losses incurred by an indemnified person or threatened in connection with our respective businesses, investments and activities or related to the NRG Management Services Agreement or the services provided by NRG, subject to certain exceptions. In addition, under the NRG Management Services Agreement, the indemnified persons were not liable to us to the fullest extent permitted by law, subject to certain exceptions. 
      RIGHT OF FIRST OFFER AGREEMENTS         
   CEG ROFO Agreement  
        On August 31, 2018, in connection with the GIP Transaction, we entered into the CEG ROFO Agreement and, solely for certain purposes thereof, GIP, pursuant to which CEG granted us and our subsidiaries a right of first offer on any proposed sale or transfer of certain assets owned by CEG. The CEG ROFO Agreement (i) adds 569 MW to the current pipeline through the operational 150 MW Langford project and the 419 MW Mesquite Star project which is under development, (ii) includes 80 MW of utility-scale solar projects located in Oahu, Hawaii, which was previously included in our NRG ROFO Agreement (as defined below), and (iii) provides us the right to make an equity investment of up to $170 million in one or more distributed generation portfolios developed or owned by CEG or its subsidiaries.  Table of Contents
        On February 14, 2019, we and CEG agreed to amend the CEG ROFO Agreement to add Hawaii Solar Phase II, which consists of two solar and storage projects located in Oahu, Hawaii, Mililani I and Waiawa, with a combined capacity of 75 MW. 
        The assets listed below represent our currently committed investments and the CEG ROFO Assets: 
      Committed Investments         
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Hawaii Solar Phase I(1)   PV   80   HI   2019 
 $47 MM remaining in distributed and community solar partnerships(2)   PV   N/A   Various   Various 
 Repowering Partnership with CEG(3)   Wind   283   TX   2020 
[END TABLE]
      CEG ROFO         
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Mililani I   PV   39   HI   2021 
 Waiawa   PV   36   HI   2021 
 Langford   Wind   150   TX   2009 
 Mesquite Star   Wind   419   TX   2020 
 Carlsbad(4)   Natural Gas   527   CA   2018 
 Up to $170 MM equity investment in business renewables   PV   TBD   Various   TBD 
[END TABLE]
        Prior to engaging in any negotiation regarding any disposition, sale or other transfer of any of the remaining CEG ROFO Assets, CEG will deliver a written notice to us setting forth the material terms and conditions of the proposed transaction. During the 30-day period after the delivery of such notice, we will negotiate with CEG in good faith to reach an agreement on the transaction. If we do not reach an agreement within such 30-day period, CEG will be able within the next 180 calendar days to sell, transfer, dispose or recontract such CEG ROFO Asset to a third party (or to agree in writing to  Table of Contents undertake such transaction with a third party) on terms generally no less favorable to CEG than those offered pursuant to the written notice. 
        Under the CEG ROFO Agreement, CEG is not obligated to sell the remaining CEG ROFO Assets, with the exception of Carlsbad for 18 months after February 27, 2019. In addition, any offer to sell under the CEG ROFO Agreement will be subject to an inherent conflict of interest because the same professionals within CEG's organization that are involved in acquisitions that are suitable for us have responsibilities within CEG's broader asset management business. Notwithstanding the significance of the services to be rendered by CEG or their designated affiliates on our behalf or of the assets which we may elect to acquire from CEG in accordance with the terms of the CEG ROFO Agreement or otherwise, CEG does not owe fiduciary duties to us or our stockholders. Any material transaction with CEG (including the proposed acquisition of any CEG ROFO Asset) will be subject to our related person transaction policy, which will require prior approval of such transaction by our Corporate Governance, Conflicts and Nominating Committee. 
   NRG ROFO Agreement  
        Also, on August 31, 2018, the existing Right of First Offer Agreement with NRG was amended pursuant to the Third Amended and Restated Right of First Offer Agreement (as amended, NRG ROFO Agreement) to provide us and our subsidiaries a right of first offer on any proposed sale or transfer by NRG of 100% of the remaining membership interests in Agua Caliente Borrower 1 LLC, which owns 35% of the Agua Caliente solar plant, and to remove the Ivanpah solar facility. On November 1, 2018, NRG offered the Company the opportunity to acquire Agua Caliente Borrower 1 LLC. The Company elected to forgo the acquisition. The Company continues to own a 16% interest in the project through Aqua Caliente Borrower 2 LLC. 
        On March 30, 2018, the Company acquired 100% of NRG's interests in Buckthorn Renewables, LLC (Buckthorn Solar), which owns a 154 MW utility-scale solar generation project for cash consideration of $42 million, plus assumed non-recourse debt of approximately $183 million and non-controlling interest of $19 million as of the acquisition date. The Buckthorn Solar project sells power under a 25-year power purchase agreement to the City of Georgetown, Texas. On July 1, 2018, the project achieved commercial operation. 
      PARTNERSHIPS WITH CEG         
   DGPV Holdco 1 LLC  
        DGPV Holding LLC, our wholly-owned subsidiary, and CEG are parties to the DGPV Holdco 1 LLC partnership (DGPV Holdco 1), the purpose of which is to own or purchase solar power generation projects and other ancillary related assets from CEG or its subsidiaries, via intermediate funds. The Company owns approximately 52 MW of distributed solar capacity, based on cash to be distributed, with a weighted average contract life of 17 years. Under this partnership, the Company committed to fund up to $100 million of capital. 
   DGPV Holdco 2 LLC  
        DGPV Holding LLC, our wholly-owned subsidiary, and CEG are parties to the DGPV Holdco 2 LLC partnership (DGPV Holdco 2), the purpose of which is to own or purchase solar power generation projects as well as other ancillary related assets from CEG or its subsidiaries, via intermediate funds. The Company owns approximately 113 MW of distributed solar capacity, based on cash to be distributed, with a weighted average contract life of 20 years. Under this partnership, the Company committed to fund up to $60 million of capital.  Table of Contents
   DGPV Holdco 3 LLC  
        DGPV Holding LLC, our wholly-owned subsidiary, and CEG are parties to the DGPV Holdco 3 LLC partnership (DGPV Holdco 3), in which the Company plans to invest up to $70 million in an operating portfolio of distributed solar assets, primarily comprised of community solar projects, developed by CEG. The Company owns approximately 59 MW of distributed solar capacity, based on cash to be distributed, with a weighted average contract life of approximately 21 years as of December 31, 2018. In December 2018, the Company and CEG amended the DGPV Holdco 3 partnership agreement to increase the capital commitment of $50 million to $70 million. The Company had a $9 million payable due to DGPV Holdco 3 LLC as of December 31, 2018. 
        The Company's maximum exposure to loss is limited to its equity investment in DGPV Holdco 1, DGPV Holdco 2 and DGPV Holdco 3, which was $260 million on a combined basis as of December 31, 2018. 
   RPV Holdco 1 LLC  
        RPV Holding LLC, our wholly-owned subsidiary, and CEG are parties to the RPV Holdco 1 LLC partnership (RPV Holdco), that holds operating portfolios of residential solar assets developed by a subsidiary of CEG, including: (i) an existing, unlevered portfolio of over 2,200 leases across nine states representing approximately 14 MW, based on cash to be distributed, with a weighted average remaining lease term of approximately 14 years that was acquired outside the partnership; and (ii) a tax equity-financed portfolios of approximately 5,400 leases representing approximately 30 MW, based on cash to be distributed, with an average lease term for the existing and new leases of approximately 17 years. The Company had fully funded the partnership as of December 31, 2017. 
        The Company's maximum exposure to loss is limited to its equity investment, which was $29 million as of December 31, 2018. 
   Wind TE Holdco  
        On August 30, 2018, Wind TE Holdco entered into a partnership with CEG in order to facilitate the repowering of the Elbow Creek and Wildorado facilities. As part of the repowering partnership, the Company bought out an existing tax equity partner of Wind TE Holdco for $19 million on January 2, 2019. 
      OPERATIONS AND MAINTENANCE AGREEMENTS         
        Prior to the consummation of the GIP Transaction on August 31, 2018, affiliates of NRG provided day-to-day operational support to us in accordance with operations and maintenance agreements. Following August 31, 2018, while affiliates of NRG continued to provide certain O&M and day-to-day operational support to the Company's conventional and thermal facilities, CEG primarily replaced NRG in providing O&M and day-to-day operational support to our utility scale solar and wind facilities. Each of the counterparties to the O&M agreements is an affiliate of NRG or CEG, as applicable. The O&M agreements for which the amount paid to NRG or CEG, as applicable, exceeded $120,000 during fiscal year 2018 are described in the table below. Under these O&M agreements, we  Table of Contents generally pay an annual or monthly fee, which may be subject to annual adjustment, plus any reimbursable expenses. 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Conventional                   
 GenConn Devon   O&M Agreement, dated April 24, 2009      $ 1,909,000     N/A   
 GenConn Middletown   O&M Agreement, dated April 24, 2009      $ 1,697,000     N/A   
 El Segundo Energy Center   O&M Management Agreement, dated March 31, 2011      $ 5,556,000     N/A   
 Walnut Creek   O&M Agreement, dated July 1, 2011      $ 3,519,000     N/A   
 Thermal                   
 Energy Center Dover   Plant O&M Agreement, dated October 1, 2014      $ 2,321,000     N/A   
 Energy Center Harrisburg   Plant O&M Agreement, dated October 1, 2014      $ 3,035,000     N/A   
 Energy Center HCEC   Plant O&M Agreement, dated October 1, 2014      $ 1,657,000     N/A   
 Energy Center Minneapolis   Plant O&M Agreement, dated October 1, 2014      $ 7,050,000     N/A   
 Energy Center Omaha   Plant O&M Agreement, dated October 1, 2014      $ 3,800,000     N/A   
 Energy Center Phoenix   Plant O&M Agreement, dated October 1, 2014      $ 3,052,000     N/A   
 Energy Center Pittsburgh   Plant O&M Agreement, dated October 1, 2014      $ 3,721,000     N/A   
 Energy Center Princeton   Plant O&M Agreement, dated October 1, 2014      $ 1,097,000     N/A   
 Energy Center San Diego   Plant O&M Agreement, dated October 1, 2014      $ 441,000     N/A   
 Energy Center San Francisco   Plant O&M Agreement, dated October 1, 2014      $ 4,477,000     N/A   
 Energy Center Smyrna   Plant O&M Agreement, dated October 1, 2014      $ 426,000     N/A   
 Energy Center Tucson   Plant O&M Agreement, dated October 1, 2014      $ 342,000     N/A   
 Utility-Scale Solar                   
 Avenal   O&M Agreement, dated January 31, 2011      $ 412,000      $ 331,000   
 Blythe   O&M Agreement, dated November 1, 2017      $ 370,000      $ 179,000   
 Borrego   O&M Agreement, dated August 1, 2012      $ 304,000      $ 125,000   
 Buckthorn Solar   O&M Agreement, dated May 22, 2017      $ 973,000      $ 222,000   
 CVSR   O&M Agreement, dated September 30, 2011      $ 2,913,000      $ 1,288,000   
 Kansas South   O&M Agreement, dated June 13, 2017      $ 389,000      $ 318,000   
 TA High Desert   O&M Agreement, dated June 9, 2017      $ 214,000      $ 148,000   
 Wind                   
 Alta   O&M Agreement, dated December 12, 2016      $ 2,732,000      $ 1,625,000   
 Buffalo Bear   O&M Agreement, dated May 1, 2016      $ 146,000     *   
 Crosswinds   O&M Agreement, dated May 1, 2016      $ 343,000      $ 152,000   
 Elbow Creek   O&M Agreement, dated December 5, 2012      $ 991,000     N/A   
 Elkhorn Ridge   O&M Agreement, dated May 9, 2008      $ 349,000      $ 241,000   
 Forward   O&M Agreement, dated October 20, 2016      $ 320,000      $ 144,000   
 Goat Wind   O&M Agreement, dated February 18, 2008      $ 2,395,000      $ 642,000   
 Hardin   O&M Agreement, dated May 1, 2016      $ 264,000     *   
 Laredo Ridge   O&M Agreement, dated December 24, 2015      $ 745,000      $ 697,000   
 Lookout   O&M Agreement, dated February 11, 2008      $ 543,000      $ 256,000   
 Odin   O&M Agreement, dated September 16, 2016      $ 268,000      $ 115,000   
 Pinnacle   O&M Agreement, dated December 1, 2016      $ 744,000      $ 629,000   
 San Juan Mesa   O&M Agreement, dated December 27, 2005      $ 514,000      $ 313,000   
 Sleeping Bear   O&M Agreement, dated May 1, 2016      $ 1,124,000      $ 416,000   
 Spanish Fork   O&M Agreement, dated September 16, 2016      $ 313,000      $ 130,000   
 South Trent   Management O&M Agreement, dated October 1, 2015      $ 616,000      $ 242,000   
 Taloga   O&M Agreement, dated July 1, 2016      $ 1,760,000      $ 1,061,000   
 Wildorado   O&M Agreement, dated February 11, 2008      $ 1,095,000      $ 1,099,000   
[END TABLE]
N/A signifies that no amounts were paid during 2018.   Table of Contents
      ASSET MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATIVE SERVICES AGREEMENTS         
        As discussed above, prior to August 31, 2018, affiliates of NRG provided day-to-day asset management and administrative services support to certain of our facilities. Following August 31, 2018, while affiliates of NRG continued to provide asset management and administrative services support to the Company's conventional and thermal facilities, CEG primarily replaced NRG in providing day-to-day asset management and administrative services support to our utility scale solar and wind facilities. The ASAs for which the amount paid to NRG or CEG, as applicable, exceeded $120,000 during fiscal year 2018 are described in the table below. Under these agreements, we generally pay an annual or monthly fee, which may be subject to annual adjustment, plus any reimbursable expenses. 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Conventional                   
 El Segundo Energy Center   Project Administration Services Agreement, dated March 31, 2011(1)      $ 19,534,000     N/A   
 Marsh Landing   Administrative Services Agreement, dated April 2, 2009      $ 13,000,000     N/A   
 Walnut Creek   Asset Services Agreement, dated July 1, 2011      $ 1,580,000     N/A   
 Utility-Scale Solar                   
 Buckthorn Solar   Project Administration Agreement, dated May 22, 2017      $ 198,000     *   
 Utah Solar Holdings LLC   Master Management Agreement, dated March 27, 2017      $ 130,000     *   
 Wind                   
 Alta   Amended and Restated Services Agreement, dated December 12, 2016      $ 267,000      $ 139,000   
 Forward   Services Agreement, dated January 1, 2012      $ 153,000     N/A   
 Laredo Ridge   Support Services Agreement, dated May 27, 2010      $ 122,000     *   
 Lookout   Services Agreement, dated January 1, 2012      $ 153,000     N/A   
 Wind TE Holdco LLC   Services Agreement, dated November 3, 2014      $ 706,000      $ 353,000   
 Sleeping Bear   Services Agreement, dated January 1, 2012      $ 153,000     N/A   
 South Trent   Project Administration Agreement, dated October 1, 2015      $ 148,000     *   
 Spanish Fork   Services Agreement, dated February 1, 2012      $ 153,000     N/A   
 Taloga   Services Agreement, dated November 20, 2012      $ 121,000     *   
 Viento Funding II, Inc.    Management and Administration Agreement, dated July 1, 2013      $ 135,000      $ 135,000   
[END TABLE]
N/A signifies that no amounts were paid during 2018. 
      POWER SALES AND ENERGY MARKETING SERVICES AGREEMENTS         
   Dover Agreements  
        Energy Center Dover LLC (Dover), a subsidiary of the Company, is party to a Power Sales and Services Agreement with NRG Power Marketing. The agreement is automatically renewed on a month-to-month basis unless terminated by either party upon at least 30 days written notice. Under the agreement, NRG Power Marketing has the exclusive right to (i) manage, market and sell power,  Table of Contents
(ii) procure fuel and fuel transportation for operation of the Dover generating facility, to include for purposes other than generating power, (iii) procure transmission services required for the sale of power and (iv) procure and market emissions credits for operation of the Dover generating facility. 
        In addition, NRG Power Marketing has the exclusive right and obligation to direct the output from the generating facility, in accordance with and to meet the terms of any power sales contracts executed against the power generation of the Dover facility. Under the agreement, NRG Power Marketing pays Dover gross receipts generated through sales, less costs incurred by NRG Power Marketing related to providing such services as transmission and delivery costs, as well as fuel costs. For the year ended December 31, 2018, Dover purchased approximately $700,000 of natural gas from NRG Power Marketing under the Power Sales and Services Agreement. 
        In February 2016, Dover entered into a Power Purchase Agreement with NRG Power Marketing for the sale of energy and environmental attributes with an effective date of February 1, 2016 and expiration date of December 31, 2018. Dover generated revenues of $3.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2018. The agreement in place is in addition to the existing Power Sales and Services Agreement described above. 
   Energy Center Minneapolis Agreement  
        Energy Center Minneapolis LLC (Minneapolis), one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries, is a party to an Energy Marketing Services Agreement (Minneapolis Agreement) with NRG Power Marketing, a wholly-owned subsidiary of NRG. The Minneapolis Agreement commenced in August 2014 and is automatically renewed annually unless terminated by either party upon at least 90 days' written notice prior to the end of any term. Under the Minneapolis Agreement, NRG Power Marketing has the exclusive right to procure fuel and fuel transportation for the operation of the Minneapolis generating facility. Fuel procured by NRG Power Marketing is sold to Minneapolis upon delivery. For the year ended December 31, 2018, Minneapolis purchased approximately $7.8 million of natural gas from NRG Power Marketing. 
   Elbow Creek Power Purchase Agreement  
        In October 2015, Elbow Creek, one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries, entered into a Power Purchase Agreement with NRG Power Marketing for the sale of energy and environmental attributes with the effective date of November 1, 2015, and an expiration date of October 31, 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2018, Elbow Creek generated revenues of approximately $7.7 million from NRG. 
      ADDITIONAL EL SEGUNDO AGREEMENTS         
        El Segundo Energy Center LLC (ESEC), one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries, entered into an Amended and Restated Easement Agreement, effective as of March 31, 2011, with El Segundo Power II LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of NRG, for a parcel of real property located in the city of El Segundo, California. The easement is for the construction, operation and maintenance of sewer lines, as well as for the construction, operations and maintenance of right of way and facilities for lay down and staging areas for the project. The term of the agreement is over the life of the project. Under the agreement, ESEC is required to pay an annual fee, subject to adjustment. For the year ended December 31, 2018, ESEC paid approximately $289,000 under this agreement. 
        ESEC has entered into an Amended and Restated Ground Lease and Easement Agreement, effective as of March 31, 2011, with El Segundo Power, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of NRG, for a parcel of real property in the city of El Segundo, California. The non-exclusive easements are for the construction, operation and maintenance of support infrastructure for the project. The initial term of the agreement is over the construction of the project through the twentieth anniversary of the commercial operations date. Under the agreement, ESEC is required to pay rent monthly, subject to  Table of Contents annual adjustment. For the year ended December 31, 2018, ESEC paid approximately $1.3 million under this agreement. 
      EPC AGREEMENT BY AND BETWEEN ECP AND NRG         
        On October 31, 2016, NRG Business Services LLC, a subsidiary of NRG, and Energy Center Pittsburgh LLC (ECP), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into an Engineering, Procurement and Construction Agreement (EPC Agreement) for the construction of a 73 MWt district energy system for ECP to provide 150 kpph of steam, 6,750 tons of chilled water and 7.5 MW of emergency backup electrical capacity to University of Pittsburgh Medical Center (UPMC) Mercy. The initial term of the energy services agreement with UPMC Mercy will be for a period of twenty years from the service commencement date. On June 19, 2018, upon reaching substantial completion, ECP purchased the UPMC Thermal Project assets from NRG Business Services LLC for cash consideration of $84 million, subject to working capital adjustments. The Company paid an additional $3 million to NRG upon final completion of the project in January 2019 pursuant to the EPC agreement. 
      CONSTRUCTION MANAGEMENT AGREEMENTS         
        In connection with the Buckthorn Solar acquisition described above, the Company entered into Construction Management Agreements with subsidiaries of NRG relating to the construction of the Buckthorn Solar facility. For the year ended December 31, 2018, the Company paid approximately $9.1 million under these agreements. 
      INSURANCE REIMBURSEMENTS         
        During 2018, certain insurance premium reimbursements were paid to CEG. Payments of approximately $515,000, $539,000 and $724,000 were made with respect to ESEC, Marsh Landing and Walnut Creek, respectively. 
      FOURTH AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT OF CLEARWAY ENERGY LLC         
        The following is a description of the material terms of Clearway Energy LLC's Fourth Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement (LLC Agreement). For the year ended December 31, 2018, Clearway Energy LLC made approximately $130 million in distributions to us, approximately $52 million in distributions to NRG (the holder of Class B and Class D units prior to the GIP Transaction) and $56 million to CEG (the holder of Class B and Class D units after the GIP Transaction). 
   Governance  
        We serve as the sole managing member of Clearway Energy LLC. As such, we and effectively our Board, control the business and affairs of Clearway Energy LLC and are responsible for the management of its business. 
   Voting and Economic Rights of Members  
        Clearway Energy LLC has four classes of Units: Class A units, Class B units, Class C units and Class D units. Class A units and Class C units may be issued only to us as the sole managing member, and Class B units and Class D units may be issued only to CEG and held by CEG or its permitted transferees. Units of each of the four classes have equivalent economic and other rights, except that upon issuance, each holder of a Class B unit will also be issued a share of our Class B common stock, and each holder of a Class D unit will also be issued a share of our Class D common stock. Each Class B unit is exchangeable for a share of our Class A common stock and each Class D unit is  Table of Contents exchangeable for a share of our Class D common stock, in each case subject to equitable adjustments for stock splits, dividends and reclassifications in accordance with the terms of the Exchange Agreement (as described below). 
        Net profits and net losses and distributions by Clearway Energy LLC are allocated and made to holders of units in accordance with the respective number of membership units of Clearway Energy LLC held. Generally, Clearway Energy LLC will make distributions to holders of units for the purpose of funding tax obligations in respect of income of Clearway Energy LLC that is allocated to the members of Clearway Energy LLC. 
   Coordination with Clearway Energy LLC  
        Any time we issue a share of Class A common stock or a share of our Class C common stock for cash, the net proceeds therefrom will promptly be transferred to Clearway Energy LLC, and Clearway Energy LLC will either:
        If we elect to redeem any shares of our Class A common stock or Class C common stock for cash, Clearway Energy LLC will, immediately prior to such redemption, redeem an equal number of Class A units or Class C units, as applicable, held by us upon the same terms and for the same price, as the shares of Class A common stock so redeemed. 
      EXCHANGE AGREEMENT         
        We entered into an Amended and Restated Exchange Agreement with NRG (Exchange Agreement), which was assigned to CEG upon the GIP Transaction. Under the Exchange Agreement, CEG (and certain permitted assignees and permitted transferees who acquire Class B units or Class D units of Clearway Energy LLC) may from time to time cause Clearway Energy LLC to exchange their Class B units for shares of our Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustments for stock splits, stock dividends and reclassifications, or exchange their Class D units for shares of our Class C common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to equitable adjustments for stock splits, stock dividends and reclassifications. 
        When CEG or its permitted transferee exchanges a Class B unit of Clearway Energy LLC for a share of our Class A common stock, we will automatically redeem and cancel a corresponding share of our Class B common stock and the Class B unit will automatically convert into a Class A unit when issued to us; similarly, when CEG or its permitted transferee exchanges a Class D unit of Clearway Energy LLC for a share of our Class C common stock, we will automatically redeem and cancel a corresponding share of our Class D common stock and the Class D unit will automatically convert into a Class C unit when issued to us. As result, when a holder exchanges its Class B units for shares of our Class A common stock, or its Class D units for shares of our Class C common stock, our interest in Clearway Energy LLC will be correspondingly increased.  Table of Contents
      REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT         
        We entered into an Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement with NRG (Registration Rights Agreement), which was assigned to CEG upon the GIP Transaction. Under the Registration Rights Agreement, CEG and its affiliates are entitled to demand registration rights, including the right to demand that a shelf registration statement be filed, and "piggyback" registration rights, for shares of our Class A common stock that are issuable upon exchange of Class B units of Clearway Energy LLC that CEG owns and shares of our Class C common stock that are issuable upon exchange of the Class D units of Clearway Energy LLC that CEG owns. 
      PROCEDURES FOR REVIEW, APPROVAL AND RATIFICATION OF RELATED PERSON TRANSACTIONS; CONFLICTS OF INTEREST         
        Our Board has adopted a written Related Person Transaction Policy (Related Person Policy) that provides that the Corporate Governance, Conflicts and Nominating Committee will periodically review all related person transactions that are required to be disclosed under SEC rules and, when appropriate, initially authorize or ratify all such transactions. See "Governance of the Company—Corporate Governance, Conflicts and Nominating Committee." 
        The Related Person Policy operates in conjunction with our Code of Conduct and is applicable to all "Related Person Transactions", which are all transactions, arrangements or relationships in which:
        A "Related Person" is:
        In determining whether to recommend the initial approval or ratification of a Related Person Transaction, the Corporate Governance, Conflicts and Nominating Committee considers all of the relevant facts and circumstances available, including (if applicable) but not limited to: (a) whether there is an appropriate business justification for the transaction; (b) the benefits that accrue to us as a result of the transaction; (c) the terms available to unrelated third parties entering into similar transactions; (d) the impact of the transaction on director independence (in the event the related person is a director, an immediate family member of a director or an entity in which a director or an immediate family member of a director is a partner, stockholder, member or executive officer); (e) the availability of other sources for comparable products or services; (f) whether it is a single transaction or a series of  Table of Contents ongoing, related transactions; and (g) whether entering into the transaction would be consistent with the Related Person Transaction Policy. 
        If the aggregate amount involved is expected to be less than $500,000, the transaction may be approved or ratified by the Chair of the Corporate Governance, Conflicts and Nominating Committee. 
        As part of its review of each Related Person Transaction, the Corporate Governance, Conflicts and Nominating Committee will take into account, among other factors it deems appropriate, whether the transaction is on terms no less favorable than the terms generally available to an unaffiliated third-party under the same or similar circumstances and the extent of the Related Person's interest in the transaction. This Related Person Policy also provides that certain transactions, based on their nature and/or monetary amount, are deemed to be pre-approved or ratified by the Corporate Governance, Conflicts and Nominating Committee and do not require separate approval or ratification. 
        Transactions involving ongoing relationships with a Related Person will be reviewed and assessed at least annually by the Corporate Governance, Conflicts and Nominating Committee to ensure that such Related Person Transactions remain appropriate and in compliance with the Committee's guidelines. 
        The Committee's activities with respect to the review and approval or ratification of all Related Person Transactions are reported periodically to the Board. Any transaction between us and any Related Person, including CEG, will be subject to the prior review and approval of our Corporate Governance, Conflicts and Nominating Committee.  Table of Contents 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION  
 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION & ANALYSIS  
    TABLE OF CONTENTS         
 EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROGRAM
 KEY GOVERNANCE FEATURES OF OUR EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROGRAM
 BUSINESS STRATEGY AND COMPANY PERFORMANCE
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROGRAM
 2018 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
 GOALS AND OBJECTIVES OF THE PROGRAM
 THE COMPENSATION PROCESS
 COMPENSATION CONSULTANT
 COMPENSATION PEER GROUP ANALYSIS
 ELEMENTS OF COMPENSATION
 BASE SALARY
 ANNUAL INCENTIVE COMPENSATION
 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE COMPENSATION
 CLAWBACKS
 BENEFITS
 POTENTIAL SEVERANCE AND CHANGE-IN-CONTROL BENEFITS
 OTHER MATTERS
 STOCK OWNERSHIP GUIDELINES
 TAX AND ACCOUNTING CONSIDERATIONS
 COMPENSATION TABLES
 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS
 SEVERANCE AND CHANGE-IN-CONTROL
 CEO PAY RATIO Table of Contents 
    EXECUTIVE SUMMARY         
      EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROGRAM         
        Clearway is a publicly-traded energy infrastructure investor and owner of modern, sustainable and long-term contracted assets across North America. As a result of the GIP Transaction which closed on August 31, 2018, NRG no longer has a majority voting interest in the Company. Rather, GIP, through its portfolio company, CEG, holds all of our Class B common stock and Class D common stock and thus has the majority voting interest in the Company. Through the course of the year, in connection with the GIP Transaction, we expanded both our executive team as well as our employee base. This CD&A describes the philosophy, elements, implementation and results of our 2018 executive compensation program as it applies to this expanded executive team. 
        Beginning with our first two employees, Messrs. Sotos and Plotkin in 2016, the Compensation Committee's objectives were to design a simple yet competitive program, which aligned with the interests of our stockholders. In late 2016, the Compensation Committee undertook a full review of our compensation practices to determine the appropriate combination of long-term and short-term compensation features to align pay with the Company's performance and total shareholder return (TSR). As a result, beginning in 2017, the Compensation Committee created a compensation program that is formulaic and performance-based, adding quantitative elements to our annual incentive plan and granting relative performance stock units (RPSUs) as the primary component of incentive compensation. The program was additionally improved to incorporate best practices in compensation design, while ensuring the program was tailored to our business needs and supportive of our compensation objectives. 
        In 2018, the Compensation Committee did not modify the philosophy behind the compensation program; however, its application was broadened due to the hiring of new executives and employees. Thus, our compensation program in 2018 applied to Messrs. Sotos and Plotkin for the full year and Mr. Malcarney and Ms. Stillwell as of May 11, 2018 and August 31, 2018, respectively. NEO compensation was delivered through a mix of (i) base salary, (ii) an annual incentive bonus opportunity under the annual incentive plan (AIP) and (iii) long-term incentive compensation under our long-term incentive plan (LTIP) in the form of RPSUs that vest after three years, subject to certain performance criteria, and restricted stock units (RSUs) that vest over three years. 
        At our 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, we received 91% support for our say on pay proposal. We believe these results demonstrate our stockholders understand that our pay practices demonstrate our commitment to pay for performance and that our compensation plans are designed to recognize the performance of the Company.  Table of Contents
      KEY GOVERNANCE FEATURES OF OUR EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROGRAM         
        Our compensation program and practices incorporate several key governance features as highlighted in the table below. 
[BEGIN TABLE]
• Pay for performance by  delivering a substantial majority of our CEO's compensation through equity• No excise tax gross-ups  upon a change-in-control and no tax gross-ups on perquisites or benefits 
• Pay for performance by  delivering a substantial majority of our CEO's compensation through equity• No excise tax gross-ups  upon a change-in-control and no tax gross-ups on perquisites or benefits 
• Beginning in 2017, the  large majority of our equity compensation for Senior Vice Presidents and above is performance-based• No pledging or hedging of  the Company's stock by NEOs or directors 
• Beginning in 2017, the  large majority of our equity compensation for Senior Vice Presidents and above is performance-based• No pledging or hedging of  the Company's stock by NEOs or directors 
• Target our peer group  median for total direct compensation• No employment agreements  for executive officers with the exception of our CEO 
• Target our peer group  median for total direct compensation• No employment agreements  for executive officers with the exception of our CEO 
• Require a double trigger  for the acceleration of equity upon a change-in-control• No guaranteed bonus  payments for our NEOs 
• Require a double trigger  for the acceleration of equity upon a change-in-control• No guaranteed bonus  payments for our NEOs 
• Prevent undue risk taking  in our compensation practices and engage in robust risk monitoring• No supplemental executive  retirement plans 
• Prevent undue risk taking  in our compensation practices and engage in robust risk monitoring• No supplemental executive  retirement plans 
• Include clawback policies  in our compensation plans• No re-pricing of  underwater stock options and no grants below 100% of fair market value 
• Include clawback policies  in our compensation plans• No re-pricing of  underwater stock options and no grants below 100% of fair market value 
• Maintain robust stock  ownership guidelines for our NEOs      
• Maintain robust stock  ownership guidelines for our NEOs      
• Provide market-level  retirement benefits and limited perquisites      
• Engage an independent  compensation consultant to provide advice to the Compensation Committee with respect to our compensation plans      
• Engage an independent  compensation consultant to provide advice to the Compensation Committee with respect to our compensation plans      
• Conduct an annual say on  pay vote      
[END TABLE]
      BUSINESS STRATEGY AND COMPANY PERFORMANCE         
        The Company's primary business strategy is to focus on the acquisition and ownership of assets with predictable, long-term cash flows in order that it may be able to increase the cash dividends paid to holders of the Company's Class A and Class C common stock over time without compromising the ongoing stability of the business. The Company's plan for executing this strategy includes the following key components: focusing on contracted renewable energy and conventional generation and thermal infrastructure assets; growing our business through acquisitions of contracted operating assets primarily in North America; and maintaining sound financial practices to grow our dividend. 
        The execution of the Company's business strategy produced strong cash from operations and cash available from distribution (CAFD), as well as the following results in 2018: Table of Contents
        Such results were taken into account by the Compensation Committee in making determinations with respect to the compensation for our NEOs under the 2018 compensation program. 
    EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROGRAM         
      2018 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS         
        This CD&A describes our compensation program for our NEOs in 2018. For a portion of 2018, Mr. Sotos, our CEO, and Mr. Plotkin, our CFO, were the only officers compensated by the Company. On May 11, 2018, Mr. Malcarney was hired and named Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of the Company; and on August 31, 2018, Ms. Stillwell was hired and named Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer of the Company. The Company began compensating Mr. Malcarney and Ms. Stillwell upon their respective hire dates, and therefore they became NEOs from the date of their respective hires through the remainder of the year. 
        Any other officers of the Company prior to August 31, 2018, other than Messrs. Sotos, Plotkin and Malcarney, were employed either by NRG or a subsidiary of NRG, and provided management and administration services to us in exchange for a management fee paid to NRG under the terms of the NRG Management Services Agreement, which ended on August 31, 2018 in connection with the closing of the GIP Transaction. Those officers were solely compensated by NRG for their services to NRG as employees of NRG. The NRG Management Services Agreement did not require our executive officers who were compensated by NRG to dedicate a specific amount of time to fulfilling NRG's obligations to us under the NRG Management Services Agreement. Such officers did not receive any compensation from the Company and we did not reimburse NRG for compensation related expenses attributable to such officer's time dedicated to providing services for us. 
      GOALS AND OBJECTIVES OF THE PROGRAM         
        The Compensation Committee is responsible for the development and implementation of the Company's executive compensation program. The intent of the program is to reward the achievement of the Company's annual goals and objectives while supporting the Company's long-term business strategy. The Compensation Committee is committed to aligning executives' compensation with performance. Our Compensation Committee has designed an executive compensation program that:
        The Compensation Committee's objectives are achieved through the use of both short-term and long-term incentives. The Company currently targets pay at the median of our Compensation Peer Group (defined below), as described under "Elements of Compensation."  Table of Contents
    THE COMPENSATION PROCESS         
      COMPENSATION CONSULTANT         
        Pursuant to its charter, the Compensation Committee is authorized to engage, at the expense of the Company, a compensation consultant to provide independent advice, support, and expertise to assist the Compensation Committee in overseeing and reviewing our overall executive compensation strategy, structure, policies and programs, and to assess whether our compensation structure establishes appropriate incentives for management and other key employees. Pay Governance, the Compensation Committee's independent compensation consultant for fiscal year 2018, assisted with executive pay data and director compensation for 2018 and worked with the Compensation Committee to formulate the design of the executive and director compensation programs for 2018. Pay Governance reported directly to the Compensation Committee and provided no other remunerated services to the Company. Pay Governance does not provide services for any of our affiliates. In accordance with SEC rules and requirements, the Company has affirmatively determined that no conflicts of interest exist between the Company and Pay Governance (or any individuals working on the Company's account on behalf of Pay Governance). 
      COMPENSATION PEER GROUP ANALYSIS         
        The Compensation Committee, with support from Pay Governance, identifies the most appropriate comparator group within relevant industries for purposes of benchmarking compensation. Following the hiring of the first NEOs in 2016, a review of potential compensation peer companies was conducted in 2017 with the assistance of Pay Governance. The Compensation Committee aims to compare our compensation program to a consistent peer group year-to-year but given the dynamic nature of our industry and the companies that constitute it, the Compensation Committee annually examines the list for opportunities for improvement. As a result of such annual review, the Compensation Committee identified a new peer group for compensation benchmarking purposes in 2018 (Compensation Peer Group). 
        The Compensation Peer Group, comprised of similarly sized publicly-owned energy and utility companies, is identified below. 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Atlantic Power Corporation   NYSE: AT   Northland Power Inc.    TSE: NPI 
 Boardwalk Pipeline Partners, LP(1)    N/A    Ormat Technologies, Inc.     NYSE: ORA 
 El Paso Electric Company    NYSE: EE    Pattern Energy Group Inc.     NASDAQ: PEGI 
 Genesis Energy, L.P.     NYSE: GEL    South Jersey Industries, Inc.     NYSE: SJI 
 Innergex Renewable Energy Inc.    TSE: INE         
[END TABLE]
        For the purposes of determining appropriate CEO and CFO pay levels for 2018, the Compensation Committee reviewed CEO and CFO compensation from peers, where available and appropriate. To supplement this analysis, the Compensation Committee also reviewed appropriate third-party survey data.  Table of Contents
    ELEMENTS OF COMPENSATION         
        Our compensation program for our NEOs consists of fixed compensation (base salary), performance-based compensation (AIP bonus and RPSUs) and time-based compensation (RSUs). We use the median percentile of our Compensation Peer Group as a guidepost in establishing the targeted levels of total direct compensation (cash and equity) for our NEOs. We expect that, over time, targeted total direct compensation for our NEOs will continue to land near the median of our Compensation Peer Group. Realized pay in a given year depends on the achievement of defined performance-based compensation metrics. While a portion of our compensation is fixed, a significant percentage is at-risk and payable and/or realizable only if certain performance objectives are met. 
      BASE SALARY         
        Base salary compensates NEOs for their level of experience and position responsibilities and for the continued expectation of superior performance. Recommendations on increases to base salary take into account, among other factors, the NEO's individual performance, the general contributions of the NEO to overall corporate performance, and the level of responsibility of the NEO with respect to his or her specific position. For 2018, the base salaries for Messrs. Sotos and Plotkin were not increased. The base salary for each NEO is set forth below: 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Christopher S. Sotos     500,000     0%   
 Chad Plotkin     350,000     0%   
 Kevin P. Malcarney(3)     300,000     N/A   
 Mary-Lee Stillwell(4)     295,000     N/A   
[END TABLE]
      ANNUAL INCENTIVE COMPENSATION         
   Overview  
        Annual incentive bonus compensation awards (AIP bonuses) are made under our AIP. AIP bonuses are short-term compensation designed to compensate NEOs for meeting annual Company and individual goals, both financial and non-financial. The AIP bonus opportunity is defined as a percentage of each NEO's annual base salary. AIP bonuses are subject to the following requirements: Table of Contents
For 2018, the CAFD goals and the achieved level are set forth in the chart below. The Company achieved CAFD of approximately $291 million, surpassing the AIP Gate and the CAFD target.  Table of Contents
        The Compensation Committee establishes the AIP performance metrics and goals for the NEOs after reviewing the Company's business strategy and other matters. The Compensation Committee retains sole discretion under the AIP to reduce the amount of or eliminate any AIP bonuses that are otherwise payable under the AIP. 
   Annual Incentive Bonus Opportunity  
        The threshold, target and maximum AIP bonus opportunities for NEOs for 2018, expressed as a percentage of base salary, were: 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Christopher S. Sotos   0   50   100   200     500,000   
 Chad Plotkin   0   25   50   100     175,000   
 Kevin Malcarney   0   20   40   80     120,000   
 Mary-Lee Stillwell   0   20   40   80     118,000   
[END TABLE]
 Table of Contents
   2018 AIP Bonus Performance Criteria  
        The AIP bonus performance criteria applicable to all NEOs are based upon our 2018 corporate business strategy and individual performance, which includes the GIP Transaction. The table below sets forth the 2018 AIP performance criteria and weightings applicable to all NEOs, assuming the achievement of each goal at target. 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 CAFD(1)     20% 
 Key Financial Milestones     27.5% 
 Key Transaction Milestones     27.5% 
 Individual Performance     25% 
 Overall Funding      100% 
[END TABLE]
   2018 Annual Incentive Bonuses  
        As noted above, with respect to AIP bonuses for 2018, the AIP Gate was $242 million, the CAFD target was $280 million, the key financial milestone target was achievement of five out of eight key financial milestones, and the key transaction milestone target was achievement of two out of four key transaction milestones. 
        For 2018, the AIP Gate was surpassed, CAFD was above target at approximately $291 million, four out of eight key financial milestones were achieved, and three out of four key transaction milestones were achieved. Due to the achievement of the CAFD metrics above target and key transaction milestones at maximum, our NEOs received AIP bonuses at levels above target. If performance falls between target and maximum, as was the case for the CAFD, the bonus opportunity is interpolated to reflect achievement above target levels. If performance falls between threshold and target, as was the case for the key financial milestones, the bonus opportunity is interpolated to reflect achievement below target levels. As a result, the CAFD metric, the key financial milestone, and the key transaction milestone metrics were respectively weighted at 124%, 75% and 200% of target. Individual performance, which is measured on a discretionary basis, was achieved at target and weighted at 100% of target. As a result, our NEOs received an aggregate payout of AIP bonuses at 125% of target. 
        The annual incentive bonuses paid to NEOs for 2018 were: 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Christopher S. Sotos     125     125     626,809   
 Chad Plotkin     63     125     219,383   
 Kevin P. Malcarney     50     125     96,855 (1) 
 Mary-Lee Stillwell     50     125     49,849 (1) 
[END TABLE]
 Table of Contents
      LONG-TERM INCENTIVE COMPENSATION         
        We believe that equity awards directly align our NEOs' interests with those of our stockholders. In 2018, the Compensation Committee granted our CEO and CFO a combination of performance-based equity awards directly linked to long-term stockholder value creation and retentive equity awards. To enhance our compensation program's focus on Company performance, the large majority of these long-term incentive awards (67%) were delivered using RPSUs. Although a critical component of our long-term design due to the retention aspects of the award, RSUs comprised only 33% of each of the CEO and CFO's grant date award opportunity. We believe that our AIP appropriately focuses our NEOs on shorter-term (one-year) financial metrics while our LTIP emphasizes long-term stockholder value creation (i.e. three-year TSR outperformance). For 2018, Mr. Sotos' target LTIP award was 250% of his base salary, and Mr. Plotkin's target LTIP award was 100% of his base salary. The NEOs hired in 2018, Mr. Malcarney and Ms. Stillwell, received RSU awards under our LTIP representing the value of NRG equity awards they forfeited upon their termination of employment with NRG. The mix of long-term incentive compensation applied to the CEO and the CFO for 2018 was applied to all NEOs, except Ms. Stillwell, for 2019. 
   Relative Performance Stock Units  
        Each RPSU represents the potential to receive one share of Class C common stock based on the Company's TSR performance ranked against the TSR performance of a comparator group of similar companies (the Performance Peer Group) after the completion of a three-year performance period. Relative measures are designed to normalize for externalities, ensuring the program appropriately reflects management's impact on the Company's TSR by including peer companies that the Compensation Committee believes are similarly impacted by market conditions. 
        The payout of shares of Class C common stock at the end of the three-year performance period is based on the Company's TSR performance percentile rank compared with the TSR performance of the Performance Peer Group. To ensure a rigorous program design, the target-level payout (100% of shares granted) requires the Company to perform at the 50th percentile. To induce management to achieve greater than target-level performance in a down market, in the event that the Company's TSR performance declines by more than 20% over the performance period, the target-level payout (100% of shares granted) will require an even greater achievement of a 60th percentile performance. The Compensation Committee believes that this increased performance requirement addresses the concern that a disproportionate award may be paid in the event that our relative performance is high, but absolute performance is low. 
        In the event relative performance is below the 25th percentile, the award is forfeited. In the event relative performance is between the 25th percentile and the 50th percentile (or the 60th percentile if our TSR performance declines by more than 20% over the performance period), payouts will be based on an interpolated calculation. In the event relative performance reaches the 50th percentile (or the 60th percentile as described above), 100% of the award will be paid. In the event relative performance is between the 50th percentile (or the 60th percentile as described above) and the 75th percentile, payouts will be based on an interpolated calculation. In the event that relative performance is at or above the 75th percentile, a maximum payout of 150% of the target will be paid. The maximum payout was changed in 2018 to 150% from 200% in 2017 because the Compensation Committee believed that it was in the best interest of the Company and its stockholders to curtail any form of excessive payment and that reducing the payout was appropriate and would not hinder its ability to compensate the executive officers.  Table of Contents
        The table below illustrates the design of our RPSUs in 2018. 
   Restricted Stock Units  
        Each RSU represents the right to receive one share of our Class C common stock after the completion of the vesting period. The RSUs granted to the CEO and CFO in 2018 vest ratably, meaning that one-third of the award vests each year on the anniversary of the grant date, over a three-year period. The RSUs granted to Mr. Malcarney and Ms. Stillwell in 2018 will vest over a period of approximately two and a half years. 
   Dividend Equivalent Rights  
        In connection with awards of both RPSUs and RSUs, each NEO also receives DERs, which accrue with respect to the award to which they relate. Accrued DERs are paid at the same time that the shares of Class C common stock underlying each award are delivered to the NEO and are forfeited if the underlying shares are forfeited. 
      CLAWBACKS         
        The Company has a "clawback" policy with regard to awards made under the AIP and LTIP in the case of a material financial restatement, including a restatement resulting from employee misconduct, or in the case of fraud, embezzlement or other serious misconduct that is materially detrimental to the Company. The Compensation Committee retains discretion regarding application of the policy. The policy is incremental to other remedies that are available to the Company. In addition to our "clawback" policy, if the Company is required to restate its earnings as a result of noncompliance with a financial reporting requirement due to misconduct, under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (SOX), the CEO and the CFO would also be subject to a "clawback," as required by SOX. 
      BENEFITS         
        All of our NEOs participate in the same retirement, life insurance, health and welfare plans. To generally support more complicated financial planning and estate planning matters, NEOs are eligible for reimbursement of annual tax return preparation, tax advice, financial planning and estate planning expenses. Mr. Sotos is eligible for a maximum reimbursement of $12,000 per year and the remaining NEOs are eligible for a maximum reimbursement of $3,000 per year. 
      POTENTIAL SEVERANCE AND CHANGE-IN-CONTROL BENEFITS         
        Mr. Sotos, pursuant to his employment agreement, and the remaining NEOs, pursuant to the Company's Executive Change-in-Control and General Severance Plan for Tier IA and Tier IIA Executives (CIC Plan) as well as pursuant to the Compensation Committee's discretion under the Annual Incentive Plan for Corporate Officers, are entitled to severance payments and benefits in the event of termination of employment under certain circumstances, including following a change-in-control.  Table of Contents
        Change-in-control agreements are considered market practice among publicly-held companies. Most often, these agreements are utilized to encourage executives to remain with the company during periods of extreme job uncertainty and to ensure that any potential transaction is thoroughly evaluated. In order to enable a smooth transition during an interim period, change-in-control agreements provide a defined level of security for the executive and the company, enabling a more seamless implementation of a particular acquisition or an asset sale or purchase, and subsequent integration. 
        For a more detailed discussion, including the quantification of potential payments, please see the section entitled "Severance and Change-in-Control" following the executive compensation tables below. 
    OTHER MATTERS         
      STOCK OWNERSHIP GUIDELINES         
        The Compensation Committee and the Board require the CEO to hold Company stock with a value equal to 4.0 times his base salary until his separation from the Company. Senior Vice Presidents are required to hold Company stock with a value equal to 2.0 times their base salary until their separation from the Company. The Chief Accounting Officer is required to hold Company stock with a value of 1.5 times her base salary until her separation from the Company. Personal holdings and vested awards count towards the ownership multiple. Although NEOs are not required to make purchases of our common stock to meet their target ownership multiple, NEOs are restricted from divesting any securities until such ownership multiples are attained, except in the event of hardship or to make a required tax payment, and they must maintain their ownership multiple after any such transactions. Once met, they must maintain their ownership multiple during their service. The current target stock ownership for NEOs as of March 4, 2019 is shown below. Mr. Sotos and Mr. Plotkin became subject to the stock ownership guidelines upon becoming NEOs in 2016. In addition, Mr. Malcarney and Ms. Stillwell became subject to the stock ownership guidelines upon becoming NEOs in 2018. As such, all of the NEOs continue to work towards meeting the required ownership multiple. 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Christopher S. Sotos     4.0x     3.3x   
 Chad Plotkin     2.0x     1.2x   
 Kevin P. Malcarney     2.0x     1.5x   
 Mary-Lee Stillwell     1.5x     0.8x   
[END TABLE]
      TAX AND ACCOUNTING CONSIDERATIONS         
        Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code (Code) precludes us, as a public company, from taking a tax deduction for individual compensation to any NEO who is a "covered employee" in excess of $1 million, subject to certain exemptions. Prior to 2018, the exemptions included an exclusion of performance-based compensation within the meaning of Section 162(m). The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, enacted in December 2017, however, amended Section 162(m) and eliminated the exclusion of performance-based compensation from the $1 million limit, subject to certain new exemptions for performance-based compensation that is "grandfathered" compensation within the meaning of amended Section 162(m). The Compensation Committee believes tax deductibility of compensation is an important consideration and, for 2018, the Compensation Committee considered the implications of legislative changes to Section 162(m) and the possible effect of exemptions for grandfathered plans. However, the Compensation Committee also believes that it is important to retain flexibility in designing compensation programs, and as a result, has not adopted a policy that any particular amount of compensation must be deductible to the Company under Section 162(m). 
        The Compensation Committee also takes into account tax consequences to NEOs in designing the various elements of our compensation program, such as designing the terms of awards to defer immediate income recognition in accordance with Section 409A of the Code. The Compensation Committee remains informed of, and takes into account, the accounting implications of its compensation programs. However, the Compensation Committee approves programs based on their total alignment with our strategy and long-term goals.  Table of Contents 
    COMPENSATION TABLES        Summary Compensation Table   Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2018         
[BEGIN TABLE]
    Christopher S. Sotos(5)     2018     500,000     —     1,250,021     —     626,809     —     21,350     2,398,180   
         President and Chief     2017     500,000     —     1,250,008     —     685,000     —     22,750     2,457,758   
         Executive Officer     2016     309,615     —     1,425,012     —     493,151     —     5,543     2,233,321   
 Chad Plotkin(6)     2018     350,000     —     350,019     —     219,383     —     22,602     942,004   
 Senior Vice President     2017     350,000     —     350,007     —     239,750     —     24,248     964,005   
 and Chief Financial     2016     40,385     —     270,448     —     39,555     —     —     350,388   
 Officer                                                         
    Kevin P. Malcarney(7)     2018     180,000     —     589,868     —     96,855     —     500     867,223   
         Senior Vice President,     2017     —     —     —     —     —     —     —     —   
         General Counsel and     2016     —     —     —     —     —     —     —     —   
         Corporate Secretary                                                         
 Mary-Lee Stillwell(8)     2018     86,231     —     556,336     —     49,849     —     —     692,416   
 Chief Accounting     2017     —     —     —     —     —     —     —     —   
 Officer     2016     —     —     —     —     —     —     —     —   
 Christopher S. Sotos     2018     —     2,250     11,000     8,100     —     21,350   
      2017     4,000     —     10,800     7,950     —     22,750   
      2016     —     —     —     —     5,543     5,543   
 Chad Plotkin     2018     —     3,000     11,502     8,100     —     22,602   
      2017     3,000     3,000     10,298     7,950     —     24,248   
      2016     —     —     —     —     —     —   
 Kevin P. Malcarney     2018     —     500     —     —     —     500   
      2017     —     —     —     —     —     —   
      2016     —     —     —     —     —     —   
 Mary-Lee Stillwell     2018     —     —     —     —     —     —   
      2017     —     —     —     —     —     —   
      2016     —     —     —     —     —     —   
[END TABLE]
 Table of Contents
    Grants of Plan-Based Awards   Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2018         
[BEGIN TABLE]
    Christopher S. Sotos   AIP     —     —     250,000     500,000     1,000,000     —     —     —     —     —   
       RPSU     1/2/2018     12/5/2017     —     —     —     9,900     39,599     59,399     —     837,519   
       RSU     1/2/2018     12/5/2017     —     —     —     —     —     —     21,263     412,502   
 Chad Plotkin   AIP     —     —     87,500     175,000     350,000     —     —     —     —     —   
    RPSU     1/2/2018     12/5/2017     —     —     —     2,772     11,088     16,632     —     234,511   
    RSU     1/2/2018     12/5/2017     —     —     —     —     —     —     5,954     115,508   
    Kevin P. Malcarney   AIP     —     —     38,630 (5)   77,260 (5)   154,520 (5)   —     —     —     —     —   
       RPSU     —     —     —     —     —     —     —     —     —     —   
       RSU     5/11/2018     4/24/2018     —     —     —     —     —     —     33,232     589,868   
 Mary-Lee Stillwell   AIP     —     —     19,882 (5)   39,764 (5)   79,528 (5)   —     —     —     —     —   
    RPSU     —     —     —     —     —     —     —     —     —     —   
    RSU     8/31/2018     8/27/2018     —     —     —     —     —     —     28,027     556,336   
[END TABLE]
    Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End   Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2018         
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Christopher S. Sotos     —     —     —     —     105,347(2)     1,817,236     78,974(3)     1,362,302   
 Chad Plotkin     —     —     —     —     15,088(4)     260,268     22,113(5)     381,449   
 Kevin P. Malcarney     —     —     —     —     33,232(6)     573,252     —     —   
 Mary-Lee Stillwell     —     —     —     —     28,027(7)     483,466     —     —   
[END TABLE]
 Table of Contents
    Option Exercises and Stock Vested   Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2018         
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Christopher S. Sotos     —     —     18,940(2)     365,587(3)   
 Chad Plotkin     —     —     8,618(4)     163,685(5)   
 Kevin P. Malcarney     —     —     —     —   
 Mary-Lee Stillwell     —     —     —     —   
[END TABLE]
 Table of Contents
    EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS         
        The Company has not entered into employment agreements with any officers other than Mr. Sotos. 
        On August 8, 2016, the Company entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Sotos pursuant to which Mr. Sotos serves as the Company's President and CEO for the term that began on May 6, 2016 (Effective Date) and ending on the date that his employment is terminated by either party. The employment agreement entitled Mr. Sotos to an annual base salary of $500,000 for the period beginning on the Effective Date and ended on December 31, 2016. For each annual period thereafter, our Board determines whether to increase Mr. Sotos' annual base salary. The employment agreement provides that, beginning with the 2016 fiscal year, Mr. Sotos is eligible to receive an annual bonus at a target amount equal to 100% of base salary (Annual Bonus), based on achievement of criteria determined by the Board with input from Mr. Sotos. The maximum award opportunity each year is 200% of the target amount. The employment agreement further provides that Mr. Sotos is eligible to participate in the LTIP, on such terms as are set forth in the plan. Mr. Sotos' target LTIP award for the 2018 fiscal year was 250% of base salary. 
        In addition to the compensation and benefits described above, as well as paid vacation and director and officer liability insurance, the employment agreement provides that Mr. Sotos will receive the following:
        The employment agreement also entitles him to certain severance payments and benefits in the event his employment terminates under certain circumstances. These severance payments and benefits are described and quantified under the section "Severance and Change-in-Control" below. In addition, under the employment agreement, the Company has agreed to indemnify Mr. Sotos against any claims arising as a result of his position with the Company to the maximum extent permitted by law. 
        The employment agreement includes non-competition and non-solicitation restrictions on Mr. Sotos during the term of his employment and for one year after his termination of employment. The employment agreement also includes confidentiality, indemnification obligations and intellectual property restrictions and an obligation for Mr. Sotos to cooperate with the Company in the event of any internal, administrative, regulatory, or judicial proceeding. The provisions of the employment agreement may only be waived with the written consent of the Company and Mr. Sotos.  Table of Contents
    SEVERANCE AND CHANGE-IN-CONTROL         
        Mr. Sotos, pursuant to his employment agreement, and the NEOs, pursuant to the CIC Plan, are entitled to certain severance payments and benefits in the event of termination of employment under certain circumstances, including following a change-in-control. 
      MR. SOTOS' BENEFITS         
        If Mr. Sotos' employment is involuntarily terminated by the Company without cause or if he terminates his employment for good reason, subject to Mr. Sotos executing a release of claims, the Company agrees to provide Mr. Sotos with the following severance benefits:
        If Mr. Sotos' employment is involuntarily terminated by the Company without cause or if he terminates his employment for good reason within the six months immediately prior to, or the 12 months immediately following, a change-in-control of the Company, in lieu of the severance benefits set forth above, the Company will provide Mr. Sotos with the following severance benefits:
        If Mr. Sotos' employment is terminated as a result of his death or disability, the Company agrees to pay him an amount equal to the target Annual Bonus for the year of termination, which amount will be pro-rated based on the number of days during the year that Mr. Sotos' was employed by the Company. In addition, the Company will pay Mr. Sotos any unpaid bonus amount for the prior fiscal year to the extent not paid prior to the termination date. 
        If an excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code would be triggered by any payments under Mr. Sotos' employment agreement or otherwise upon a change-in-control, the Company will reduce such payments so that no amounts are subject to Section 4999 of the Code, if such reduction would cause the amount to be retained by Mr. Sotos to be greater than if Mr. Sotos were required to pay such excise tax.  Table of Contents
      NEO BENEFITS         
        Under the CIC Plan, NEOs are entitled to the better of a change-in-control benefit, which shall be limited to $1 less than the amount subject to the excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code, or the full payment that is subject to the excise tax (which is then payable by him or her). In the event of involuntary termination without cause, NEOs are entitled to a general severance benefit equal to 1.5 times base salary payable in a lump sum amount and reimbursement for COBRA benefits continuation cost for a period of 18 months under the CIC Plan. 
        The CIC Plan also provides a change-in-control benefit in the event that, within six months prior to, as well as 12 months following, a change-in-control, an NEO's employment is either involuntarily terminated by the Company without cause or voluntarily terminated by such NEO for good reason. Mr. Plotkin's change-in-control benefit consists of an amount equal to 2.99 times the sum of his base salary plus the annual target incentive for the year of termination, payable in a lump sum amount. The change-in-control benefit for NEOs other than Mr. Plotkin consists of an amount equal to 2.0 times the sum of their base salary plus the annual target incentive for the year of termination, payable in a lump sum amount. All NEOs are also eligible for an amount equal to their target bonus for the year of termination, prorated for the number of days during the performance period that the NEO was employed by the Company and reimbursement for COBRA benefits continuation cost for a period of 18 months. 
        As a condition of receiving severance or change-in-control benefits, NEOs must execute a release of claims and acknowledge the restrictive covenants in the CIC Plan. Such restrictive covenants include non-competition, non-solicitation and non-disparagement covenants applicable for one year after termination, confidentiality and intellectual property obligations. 
        Effective January 1, 2019, the AIP was amended to include designated officers as participants, granting NEOs eligibility for a target bonus payment for the year of a severance termination, prorated for the number of days during the performance period that the NEO was employed. The Compensation Committee also approved the eligibility of NEOs to receive a prorated AIP bonus payment prior to 2019 under the Annual Incentive Plan for Corporate Officers. 
      DEFINITION OF CHANGE-IN-CONTROL         
        In general, under Mr. Sotos' employment agreement and the CIC Plan, a "change-in-control" occurs in the event: (a) any person or entity other than NRG, or CEG as of the GIP Transaction, becomes the direct or indirect beneficial owner of 50% or more of the Company's voting stock or obtains the power to, directly or indirectly, vote or cause to be voted 50% or more of the Company's capital stock entitled to vote in the election of directors, including by contract or through proxy, (b) directors serving on the Board as of a specified date cease to constitute at least a majority of the Board unless such directors are approved by a vote of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the incumbent directors, provided that a person whose assumption of office is in connection with an actual or threatened election contest or actual or threatened solicitation of proxies including by reason of agreement intended to avoid or settle such contest shall not be considered to be an incumbent director, (c) any reorganization, merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company or other transaction is consummated and the previous stockholders of the Company fail to own at least 50% of the combined voting power of the resulting entity or (d) the stockholders approve a plan or proposal to liquidate or dissolve the Company. An involuntary termination without "cause" means the NEO's termination by the Company for any reason other than the NEO's conviction of, or agreement to a plea of nolo contendere to, a felony or other crime involving moral turpitude, willful failure to perform his duties, willful gross neglect or willful gross misconduct or a breach of the confidentiality provisions in the CIC Plan (or in Mr. Sotos' case, a material breach of his employment agreement).  Table of Contents
        A voluntary termination for "good reason" means the resignation of the executive officer in the event of a material reduction in his compensation or benefits, a material diminution in his title, authority, duties or responsibilities, or the failure of a successor to the Company to assume the CIC Plan. In the case of Mr. Sotos only, "good reason" also includes any material failure by the Company to comply with his employment agreement, his removal from the Board, the failure to elect him to the Board during any regular election, or a change in reporting structure of the Company requiring Mr. Sotos to report to anyone other than the Board. 
      POTENTIAL PAYMENTS UPON TERMINATION OR CHANGE-IN-CONTROL         
        The amount of compensation payable to each NEO in each circumstance is shown in the table below, assuming that termination of employment occurred as of December 31, 2018, and including payments that would have been earned as of such date. The amounts shown below do not include benefits payable under the Company's 401(k) plan. 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Christopher S. Sotos     1,280,155     1,280,155     7,119,569     4,089,414   
 Chad Plotkin     729,773     729,773     2,062,932     887,261   
 Kevin P. Malcarney     600,793     600,793     1,594,369     723,576   
 Mary-Lee Stillwell     866,321     590,273     1,473,830     618,056   
[END TABLE]
    CEO PAY RATIO         
        As a result of the recently adopted rules under the Dodd-Frank Act, the SEC requires disclosure of the CEO to median employee pay ratio. The following is a reasonable estimate, prepared under applicable SEC rules, of the ratio of the annual total compensation of our CEO, Mr. Sotos, to the annual total compensation of our median employee. 
        To reasonably identify the median employee, the Company extracted and ranked annual base wages of all 268 employees employed as of December 31, 2018 (excluding the CEO) from the Company's HRIS system of record. The median employee identified was hired mid-year and as a result, base salary wages were annualized as permitted under SEC rules to establish representative annual total compensation. 
        Given the different methodologies, exemptions, estimates and assumptions that various public companies use to determine an estimate of their pay ratio, the estimated ratio reported above should not be solely used as a basis for comparison between companies.  Table of Contents
    COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT ON EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION         
        The Compensation Committee has reviewed and discussed the Compensation Discussion and Analysis included in this Proxy Statement required by Item 402(b) of Regulation S-K with management and, based upon such review and discussion, the Compensation Committee has recommended to the Board that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in this Proxy Statement. 
    COMPENSATION COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER PARTICIPATION         
        No member of our Compensation Committee has served as one of our officers or employees at any time. None of our executive officers serves as a member of the compensation committee of any other company that has an executive officer serving as a member of the Board. None of our executive officers serves as a member of the board of directors of any other company that has an executive officer serving as a member of our Compensation Committee. 
    SECTION 16(A) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING COMPLIANCE         
        Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our officers and directors, and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class of our equity securities, to file reports of securities ownership and changes in such ownership with the SEC. Officers, directors and greater than ten percent stockholders also are required by SEC rules to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. 
        Based solely upon a review of the copies of such forms furnished to us and any written representations that no Forms 5 were required, we believe that all Section 16(a) filing requirements were timely met during the 2018 fiscal year.  Table of Contents 
    AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT         
        The primary purpose of the Audit Committee is to assist the Board in its general oversight of the Company's financial reporting process. The Audit Committee's function is more fully described previously in this Proxy Statement and in its charter. The Audit Committee reviews the charter on an annual basis. The Board annually reviews the New York Stock Exchange listing standards' definition of independence for audit committee members and has determined that each member of the Audit Committee meets that standard. The Board has also determined that each of the three members of the Audit Committee who served as such in 2018 met the requirements of an "audit committee financial expert." 
        Management is responsible for the preparation, presentation, and integrity of the Company's financial statements, accounting and financial reporting principles, internal controls and procedures designed to ensure compliance with accounting standards, applicable laws, and regulations. 
        The Company's independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year 2018, KPMG LLP, is responsible for performing an independent audit of the consolidated financial statements and expressing an opinion on the conformity of those financial statements with generally accepted accounting principles and auditing the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
        The Audit Committee has reviewed and discussed the audited financial statements of the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018 with the Company's management and has discussed with KPMG LLP the matters required to be discussed by the PCAOB Auditing Standard No. 1301, as amended, "Communication with Audit Committees." In addition, KPMG LLP has provided the Audit Committee with the written disclosures and the letter required by Statement on the PCAOB Auditing Standard No. 1301, "Communication with Audit Committees," and the Audit Committee has discussed with KPMG LLP their independence. The Audit Committee also reviewed, and discussed with management and KPMG LLP, management's report and KPMG LLP's report and attestation on internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
        Based on these reviews and discussions, the Audit Committee recommended to the Board that the audited financial statements be included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018, for filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Table of Contents
    INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM         
      INFORMATION REGARDING THE COMPANY'S INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM         
        KPMG LLP has served as the Company's independent registered public accounting firm since the Company's initial public offering in July 2013 and served as such for fiscal year 2018. On March 10, 2019, the Audit Committee determined that it is advisable to put the Company's audit services through a Request for Proposal process for fiscal year 2019. As a result, the Company's stockholders are not being asked to ratify the appointment of any auditor as the Company's independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2019, as the process has not been completed and a selection has not yet been made by the Audit Committee. Stockholder ratification of the Audit Committee's appointment of the Company's independent registered public accounting firm is not required by the Company's bylaws or otherwise and will not be sought in connection with the appointment of the Company's accounting firm for fiscal year 2019. It is anticipated that stockholder ratification will be sought on the Audit Committee's appointment of the Company's independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2020. Representatives of KPMG LLP are expected to attend the Annual Meeting where they will be available to respond to questions and, if they desire, to make a statement. 
      AUDIT AND NONAUDIT FEES         
        The following table presents fees for professional services rendered by KPMG LLP, our principal independent registered public accounting firm, for the years ended December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017. 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Audit Fees      $ 2,688      $ 2,785   
 Audit-Related Fees     —     —   
 Tax Fees     117     77   
 All Other Fees     —     —    
 Total      $ 2,805      $ 2,862   
[END TABLE]
      AUDIT FEES         
        For 2018 and 2017 audit services, KPMG LLP billed us approximately $2,688,000 and $2,785,200, respectively, for the integrated audit of the Company's annual consolidated financial statements, internal control over financial reporting, and the review of the Company's quarterly consolidated financial statements on Form 10-Q that are customary under the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), and in connection with subsidiary financial statement audits and the issuance of comfort letters and consents in connection with debt offerings. 
      AUDIT-RELATED FEES         
        For 2018 and 2017, there were no audit-related fees billed to us by KPMG LLP. 
      TAX FEES         
        For 2018 tax fees, KPMG LLP billed us approximately $117,000 for tax compliance. For 2017 tax fees, KPMG LLP billed us approximately $77,000 for tax compliance.  Table of Contents
      ALL OTHER FEES         
        There were no other fees billed to us by KPMG LLP for 2018 or 2017. 
      POLICY ON AUDIT COMMITTEE PRE-APPROVAL         
        The Audit Committee is responsible for appointing, setting compensation for, and overseeing the work of the independent registered public accounting firm. The Audit Committee has established a policy regarding pre-approval of all audit and permissible nonaudit services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm. 
        The Audit Committee annually reviews and pre-approves services that are expected to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm. The term of the pre-approval is 12 months from the date of the pre-approval, unless the Audit Committee approves a shorter time period. The Audit Committee may periodically amend and/or supplement the pre-approved services based on subsequent determinations. 
        Unless the Audit Committee has pre-approved Audit Services or a specified category of nonaudit services, any engagement to provide such services must be pre-approved by the Audit Committee if it is to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm. The Audit Committee must also pre-approve any proposed services exceeding the pre-approved budgeted fee levels for a specified type of service. 
        The Audit Committee has authorized its Chair to pre-approve services in amounts up to $100,000 per engagement. Engagements exceeding $100,000 must be approved by the full Audit Committee. Engagements pre-approved by the Chair are reported to the Audit Committee at its next scheduled meeting.  Table of Contents
    QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS         
      WHAT IS THE PURPOSE OF THE ANNUAL MEETING?         
        The purpose of the Annual Meeting is to: 
        Other than these proposals, the Board is not aware of any other matters to be presented for a vote at the Annual Meeting. 
      WHO IS ENTITLED TO VOTE AT THE ANNUAL MEETING?         
        All of our stockholders may attend the Annual Meeting. However, only stockholders who owned our Class A, Class B, Class C or Class D common stock at the close of business on March 4, 2019, the record date for the Annual Meeting, or their duly appointed proxies, are entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting. 
        Many stockholders hold their shares through a stockbroker, bank, trustee or other nominee rather than directly in their own name. As summarized below, there are some distinctions between shares held of record and those owned beneficially:
      HOW MANY VOTES DO I HAVE?         
        You have one vote for each share of our Class A or Class B common stock you owned as of the record date for the Annual Meeting. You have 1/100th of one vote for each share of our Class C or Class D common stock you owned as of the record date for the Annual Meeting. Holders of shares of our Class A, Class B, Class C and Class D common stock vote together as a single class on all matters presented to our stockholders for their vote or approval, except as otherwise provided by applicable law. GIP, through its ownership of all of our outstanding Class B and Class D common stock, held approximately 55.0% of the combined voting power of our common stock as of the record date. 
      WHAT ARE THE RECOMMENDATIONS OF THE BOARD?         
        The Board recommends a vote:  Table of Contents
        If you grant a proxy and any additional matters are properly presented for a vote at the Annual Meeting, either of the persons named as proxy holders, Christopher S. Sotos or Kevin P. Malcarney, will have the discretion to vote your shares. 
      HOW MANY VOTES MUST BE PRESENT TO HOLD THE ANNUAL MEETING?         
        We will have a quorum, and will be able to conduct the business of the Annual Meeting, if the holders of a majority in voting power of the outstanding shares of our Class A, Class B, Class C and Class D common stock entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting are represented in person or by proxy at the Annual Meeting. As of the record date, there were 78,499,041 votes entitled to be cast in the aggregate by the holders of all shares of our common stock outstanding, consisting of:
        The presence of holders entitled to cast at least 39,249,521 votes will be required to establish a quorum. Both abstentions and broker non-votes, if any, are counted as present for determining the presence of a quorum. For more information regarding the treatment of abstentions and broker non-votes, see "What are abstentions and broker non-votes and how are they treated?" 
      WHAT VOTE IS REQUIRED TO APPROVE EACH PROPOSAL?         
      WHAT ARE ABSTENTIONS AND BROKER NON-VOTES AND HOW ARE THEY TREATED?         
        An abstention occurs when a stockholder or its proxy is present at the meeting and entitled to vote on a proposal but either expressly abstains or does not vote on the proposal. A "broker non-vote" occurs when a broker has not received voting instructions from the beneficial owner with respect to the proposal and the broker does not have discretionary authority to vote the shares because the proposal is non-routine. Brokers who do not receive instructions from the beneficial owner do not have the discretion to vote on the election of directors, the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation  Table of Contents
Proposal or the Say on Pay Proposal. Broker non-votes and abstentions, if any, will be treated as follows with respect to votes on each of the proposals: 
      HOW DO I VOTE?         
        If you hold shares of Class A, Class B, Class C or Class D common stock directly as the stockholder of record, you may vote in person, by granting a proxy or, if you hold shares in street name (through a bank, broker, trustee or other nominee), by submitting voting instructions to your bank, broker, trustee, or nominee. You may vote over the Internet, by telephone, by mail if you have a paper copy of the proxy materials, or in person at the Annual Meeting. Please refer to the summary instructions below and those included on your proxy card or, for shares held in street name, the voting instruction card included by your bank, broker, trustee, or nominee.   Table of Contents
      MAY I CHANGE MY VOTE?         
        You may change your proxy instructions or revoke your proxy at any time prior to the vote at the Annual Meeting. For shares held directly in your name, you may accomplish this by: (a) delivering a written notice of revocation bearing a later date than the proxy being revoked, (b) signing and delivering a later dated written proxy relating to the same shares, or (c) attending the Annual Meeting and voting in person (although attendance at the Annual Meeting will not in and of itself constitute a revocation of a proxy). For shares held in street name, you may change your vote by submitting new voting instructions to your broker, trustee, or nominee, or by obtaining a legal proxy from your broker and voting your shares by ballot at the Annual Meeting. 
      WHAT SHOULD I BRING TO THE ANNUAL MEETING IF I ATTEND IN PERSON?         
        Registration for the Annual Meeting will begin at 8 a.m., Eastern Time. Please allow ample time for check-in. No cameras, recording equipment, electronic devices, large bags, briefcases or packages will be permitted in the Annual Meeting. For admission to the Annual Meeting, all individuals attending must provide personal identification (such as a driver's license or passport), as well as the following: 
        If you are a record holder (i.e., you hold your shares through our transfer agent, Computershare), you must bring either a copy of the proxy card you received as part of your proxy materials, a copy of your Computershare account statement indicating your ownership of our common stock as of the record date, or the Notice of Availability, if you received one. 
        If you hold your shares in street name (i.e., through a bank, broker, trustee or other nominee), you must bring either the voting instruction card you received from your bank, trustee, broker or other nominee as part of your proxy materials, a copy of your brokerage statement indicating your ownership of our common stock as of the record date, or the Notice of Availability, if you received one. 
        If you are not a stockholder, but are attending the meeting as proxy for a stockholder, you must bring a valid legal proxy. If you attend as a proxy for a record holder, you must present a valid legal proxy from the record holder to you. If you attend as a proxy for a street name holder, you must present a valid legal proxy from the record holder (i.e., the bank, broker, trustee, or other nominee) to the street name holder that is assignable, as well as a valid legal proxy from the street name holder to you. Stockholders may only appoint one proxy holder to attend the Annual Meeting on their behalf. 
      HOW CAN I VOTE AT THE ANNUAL MEETING IF I ATTEND IN PERSON?         
        If you are a record holder (i.e., you hold your shares through our transfer agent, Computershare) and wish to vote your shares in person at the Annual Meeting, you will need to bring proof of ownership as described above and a ballot will be provided to you at the Annual Meeting. 
        If you hold your shares in street name (i.e., through a bank, broker or other nominee) and wish to vote your shares in person at the Annual Meeting, you will need to ask your bank, broker or other nominee to furnish you with a legal proxy. You will need to bring proof of ownership as described above and the legal proxy with you to the Annual Meeting and hand it in with a signed ballot that will be provided to you at the Annual Meeting. You will not be able to vote your shares at the Annual Meeting without a legal proxy. If you do not have a legal proxy, you can still attend the Annual Meeting but you will not be able to vote your shares at the Annual Meeting. Accordingly, we encourage you to vote your shares in advance, even if you intend to attend the Annual Meeting. Please note that if you request a legal proxy, any previously executed proxy will be revoked, and your vote will not be counted unless you appear at the Annual Meeting and vote in person or legally appoint another proxy to vote on your behalf.  Table of Contents
      WHAT HAPPENS IF I DO NOT PROVIDE INSTRUCTIONS AS TO HOW TO VOTE?         
        If you sign your proxy card or voting instruction card with no further instructions, your shares will be voted in accordance with the recommendations of the Board. 
      WHERE CAN I OBTAIN THE LIST OF STOCKHOLDERS ENTITLED TO VOTE?         
        The names of stockholders of record entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting will be available at the Annual Meeting and for ten days prior to the meeting for any purpose germane to the Annual Meeting, between the hours of 8:30 a.m. and 5:00 p.m., Eastern Time, at our principal executive offices at 300 Carnegie Center, Suite 300, Princeton, New Jersey 08540. Please contact our Corporate Secretary if you wish to review the list of stockholders at our principal executive offices. 
      WHO PAYS THE COST OF SOLICITATION OF PROXIES?         
        We will pay for the cost of preparing, assembling, printing, mailing and distributing these proxy materials. Our directors and officers may solicit proxies or votes in person, by telephone, or by electronic communication. Such individuals will not receive any additional compensation for these solicitation activities. We have retained MacKenzie Partners, Inc. to assist us in soliciting your proxy for an estimated fee of $25,000, plus reasonable out-of-pocket expenses. We will also reimburse brokerage houses and other custodians, nominees, and fiduciaries for their reasonable out-of-pocket expenses for forwarding proxy and any other solicitation materials to beneficial owners of our common stock. 
      WHO IS THE COMPANY'S TRANSFER AGENT?         
        Our transfer agent is Computershare. All communications concerning stockholder inquiries can be handled by contacting Clearway Energy, Inc. c/o Computershare, Computershare Investor Services, by regular mail to P.O. Box 505000, Louisville, KY 40233-5000, by overnight delivery to 462 South 4th Street, Suite 1600, Louisville, KY 40202, or by telephone at 1-877-498-8861, or 1-781-575-2725 (outside the U.S. and Canada), or 1-800-952-9245 (Hearing Impaired-TTY). Their website is http://www.computershare.com. Certificates for transfer and address changes should be sent either by regular mail to Computershare, P.O. Box 505000, Louisville, KY 40233-5000 or by overnight delivery to Computershare, 462 South 4th Street, Suite 1600, Louisville, KY 40202.  Table of Contents
      WHY DID I RECEIVE A ONE-PAGE NOTICE IN THE MAIL REGARDING THE INTERNET AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS  INSTEAD OF A FULL SET OF PROXY MATERIALS?         
        Pursuant to rules adopted by the SEC, we are using the Internet as the primary means of furnishing proxy materials to stockholders. Accordingly, we are sending the Notice of Availability to our stockholders. All stockholders will have the ability to access the proxy materials on the website referred to in the Notice of Availability or request a printed set of the proxy materials. Instructions on how to access the proxy materials over the Internet or to request a printed copy may be found in the Notice of Availability. In addition, stockholders may request to receive proxy materials in printed form by mail or electronically by email on an ongoing basis. We encourage stockholders to take advantage of the availability of the proxy materials on the Internet to help reduce the environmental impact of our annual meetings. 
      WHERE CAN I FIND DIRECTIONS TO THE ANNUAL MEETING?         
        Directions to the Annual Meeting can be found at the Hyatt Regency Princeton's website at  http://www.princeton.regency.hyatt.com/en/hotel/our-hotel/map-and-directions.html. 
      WHAT IS "HOUSEHOLDING"?         
        We have adopted a procedure approved by the SEC called "householding." Under this procedure, multiple stockholders who share the same last name and address and do not participate in electronic delivery will receive only one copy of the proxy materials or the Notice of Availability. We have undertaken householding to reduce our printing costs and postage fees. Stockholders may elect to receive individual copies of the proxy materials or Notice of Availability at the same address by contacting Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. by telephone at 1-866-540-7095, by mail at Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc., Householding Department, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, New York 11717, or by e-mail at  sendmaterial@proxyvote.com. Stockholders who are receiving individual copies of such materials, and who would like to receive single copies at a shared address, may contact Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. with this request by using the contact information provided above. 
      HOW CAN I REQUEST ADDITIONAL MATERIALS?         
        Stockholders may request additional copies of the proxy materials or Notice of Availability by contacting Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. by telephone at 1-800-579-1639 or by e-mail at sendmaterial@proxyvote.com. 
      WHOM SHOULD I CALL IF I HAVE QUESTIONS ABOUT THE ANNUAL MEETING?         
        If you have any questions or need any assistance in voting your shares, please contact our proxy solicitor: 
MacKenzie Partners, Inc.  1407 Broadway, 27th Floor  New York, NY 10018 
Toll Free: (800) 322-2885  Collect: (212) 929-5500  Fax: (646) 439-9201  Email: proxy@mackenziepartners.com
***  Table of Contents
    REQUIREMENTS FOR SUBMISSION OF STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS FOR   THE 2020 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS         
      STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS FOR INCLUSION IN THE COMPANY'S PROXY STATEMENT FOR THE 2020 ANNUAL MEETING OF  STOCKHOLDERS         
      Deadline         
        In order for a stockholder proposal to be considered for inclusion in our proxy statement for the 2020 Annual Meeting, our Corporate Secretary must receive the proposal no later than the close of business on November 20, 2019, which is the 120th day prior to the first anniversary of the date on which this Proxy Statement was first released to our stockholders in connection with the 2019 Annual Meeting. If we change the date of the 2020 Annual Meeting by more than 30 days from the anniversary of this year's Annual Meeting, stockholder proposals must be received a reasonable time before we begin to print and mail the proxy materials for the 2020 Annual Meeting in order to be considered for inclusion in our proxy statement. 
      Method of Submitting Proposals         
        Proposals must be sent via registered, certified, or express mail (or other means that allows the stockholder to determine when the proposal was received by the Corporate Secretary) to the Corporate Secretary, Clearway Energy, Inc., 300 Carnegie Center, Suite 300, Princeton, New Jersey 08540. Proposals must contain the information required under our Bylaws, a copy of which is available upon request to our Corporate Secretary, and also must comply with the SEC's regulations regarding the inclusion of stockholder proposals in Company-sponsored proxy materials. 
      STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS OR STOCKHOLDER NOMINATION OF DIRECTOR TO BE BROUGHT AT THE 2020 ANNUAL MEETING  (WITHOUT INCLUSION IN THE COMPANY'S PROXY STATEMENT)         
        Alternatively, stockholders intending to present a proposal or nominate a director for election at the 2020 Annual Meeting without having the proposal or nomination included in our proxy statement must comply with the requirements set forth in our Bylaws and summarized below. 
      Deadline         
        Our Bylaws require, among other things, that our Corporate Secretary receive the proposal or nomination no earlier than the close of business on the 120th day, and no later than the close of business on the 90th day, prior to the first anniversary of this year's Annual Meeting, unless the 2020 Annual Meeting is more than 30 days before or more than 70 days after such anniversary date. For our 2020 Annual Meeting, our Corporate Secretary must receive the proposal or nomination no earlier than January 2, 2020 and no later than the close of business on January 31, 2020, unless the 2019 Annual Meeting is held earlier than April 1, 2020 or later than July 10, 2020, in which case the proposal or nomination should be received no earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of (a) the 90th day prior to the date of the 2020 Annual Meeting or (b) the 10th day following the day on which the date of the 2020 Annual Meeting is first publicly announced by the Company. 
      Information Required         
        The proposal or nomination must contain the information required by Article II, Section 11 of the Bylaws, a copy of which is available upon request to our Corporate Secretary. If the stockholder does not meet the applicable deadlines or comply with the requirements of SEC Rule 14a-4, we may exercise discretionary voting authority under proxies we solicit to vote, in accordance with our best judgment, on any such proposal.  Table of Contents 
    Appendix A         
    CLEARWAY ENERGY, INC.        AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION        ARTICLE ONE         
        The name of the Corporation is Clearway Energy, Inc. 
    ARTICLE TWO         
        The address of the Corporation's registered office in the State of Delaware is Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street, City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, Delaware 19801. The name of its registered agent at such address is The Corporation Trust Company. 
    ARTICLE THREE         
        The nature of the business or purposes to be conducted or promoted is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the "DGCL"). 
    ARTICLE FOUR         
           Section 1.    Authorized Shares.     The total number of shares of capital stock which the Corporation has authority to issue is 3,010,000,000 shares, consisting of: 
        (a)   10,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share ("Preferred Stock"); 
        (b)   500,000,000 shares of Class A Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share ("Class A Common Stock"); 
        (c)   500,000,000 shares of Class B Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share ("Class B Common Stock"); 
        (d)   1,000,000,000 shares of Class C Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share ("Class C Common Stock"); and 
        (e)   1,000,000,000 shares of Class D Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share ("Class D Common Stock" and, together with the Class A Common Stock, the Class B Common Stock, and the Class C Common Stock, the "Common Stock"). 
               Section 2.    Preferred Stock.     The Preferred Stock may be issued from time to time and in one or more series. By resolution adopted by the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the total number of directors then in office, the board of directors of the Corporation (the "Board of Directors") is authorized to determine or alter the powers, preferences and rights, and the qualifications, limitations and restrictions granted to or imposed upon any wholly unissued series of Preferred Stock, and within the limitations or restrictions stated in any resolution or resolutions of the Board of Directors adopted by the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the total number of directors then in office, originally fixing the number of shares constituting any series of Preferred Stock to increase or decrease (but not below the number of shares of any such series of Preferred Stock, then outstanding) the number of shares of any such series of Preferred Stock and to fix the number of shares of any series of Preferred Stock. In the event that the number of shares of any series of Preferred Stock shall be so decreased, the shares constituting such decrease shall resume the status which such shares had prior to the adoption of the resolution originally fixing the number of shares of such series of Preferred Stock subject to the requirements of applicable law. The powers, preferences and relative, participating, 
A-1
Table of Contents optional and other special rights of each series of Preferred Stock, and the qualifications, limitations and restrictions granted to or imposed upon, any such series of Preferred Stock may be made dependent upon facts ascertainable outside the resolutions or resolutions providing for the issue of such Preferred Stock, adopted by the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the total number of directors then in office, provided that the manner in which such facts shall operate upon the powers, preferences and rights of, and the qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, if any, may differ from those of any and all other series at any time outstanding. Any of the powers, preferences and rights of, and the qualifications, limitations and restrictions granted to or imposed upon, such series of Preferred Stock is clearly and expressly set forth in the resolution or resolutions providing for the issue of such series of Preferred Stock adopted by the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the total number of directors then in office. 
              Section 3.    Common Stock.     
        (a)    Voting Rights.    Except as otherwise provided by the DGCL or this Certificate, and subject to the rights of holders of any series of Preferred Stock, all of the voting power of the stockholders of the Corporation shall be vested in the holders of the Common Stock. Holders of Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock, Class C Common Stock and Class D Common Stock shall vote together as a single class on all matters presented to the stockholders of the Corporation for their approval or vote. Each holder of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock shall have one vote for each share held by such holder on all matters voted upon by the stockholders of the Corporation. Each holder of Class C Common Stock and Class D Common Stock shall have 1/100th of one vote for each share held by such holder on all matters voted upon by the stockholders of the Corporation. 
        (b)    Dividends and Other Distributions.    
        (i)    Subject to the rights of holders of any series of Preferred Stock, the holders of Class A Common Stock and Class C Common Stock shall share ratably in all dividends as may from time to time be declared by the Board of Directors in respect of the Common Stock out of the assets of the Corporation legally available for the payment thereof at such times and in such amounts as the Board of Directors in its discretion shall determine. 
        (ii)   Except as provided in clause (b)(iii) below with respect to stock dividends, dividends and other distributions of cash or property may not be declared or paid on the Class B Common Stock or Class D Common Stock. 
        (iii)  In no event will any stock dividends, stock splits, reverse stock splits, combinations of stock, reclassifications or recapitalizations be declared or made on any of the Class A Common Stock, the Class B Common Stock, the Class C Common Stock or the Class D Common Stock, unless contemporaneously therewith, the shares of Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock, Class C Common Stock and Class D Common Stock at the time outstanding are treated in the same proportion and the same manner. Stock dividends with respect to Class B Common Stock may only be paid with Class B Common Stock. Stock dividends with respect to Class D Common Stock may only be paid with Class D Common Stock. 
        (c)    Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding Up.    In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation, after payment or provision for payment of the debts and other liabilities of the Corporation and of the preferential and other amounts, if any, to which the holders of Preferred Stock shall be entitled, the holders of all outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock and Class C Common Stock shall be entitled to receive the remaining assets of the Corporation available for distribution ratably in proportion to the number of shares of Class A Common Stock and Class C Common Stock held by each such stockholder. Except as otherwise provided in this Article FOUR and except for their right to 
A-2
Table of Contents receive payment for the par value of their shares of Class B Common Stock and Class D Common Stock, the holders of shares of Class B Common Stock and Class D Common Stock shall not be entitled to receive any assets of the Corporation in the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation. 
        (d)    Retirement of Class B Common Stock and Class D Common Stock.    In the event that, pursuant to that certain Amended and Restated Exchange Agreement, dated as of May 14, 2015, and as assigned on August 31, 2018 (the "Exchange Agreement"), by and among Clearway Energy Group LLC (formerly Zephyr Renewables LLC), a Delaware limited liability company ("CEG"), Clearway Energy LLC (formerly NRG Yield LLC), a Delaware limited liability company ("Clearway LLC") and the Corporation, CEG or its permitted transferees or assignees exchange a Class B unit of Clearway LLC for a share of Class A Common Stock or Class D unit of Clearway LLC for a share of Class C Common Stock, an equivalent number of outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock or Class D Common Stock, respectively, shall be subject to mandatory redemption at a price per share equal to its per share par value and thereupon shall automatically and without further action on the part of the Corporation or any holder of Class B Common Stock or Class D Common Stock, as applicable, or other series of stock of the Corporation be cancelled and retired. 
        (e)    Preemptive Rights.    Except as otherwise provided in this Article FOUR, no holder of Common Stock shall have any preemptive, conversion or other rights to subscribe for additional shares with respect to the Common Stock or any other securities of the Corporation, or to any obligations convertible (directly or indirectly) into securities of the Corporation, whether now or hereafter authorized. 
        (f)    Equal Status.    Except as expressly provided in this Article FOUR, Class C Common Stock shall have the same rights and privileges and rank equally, share ratably and be identical in all respects to the Class A Common Stock as to all matters. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (i) in the event of a merger, consolidation or other business combination of the Corporation requiring the approval of the holders of the Corporation's capital stock entitled to vote thereon (whether or not the Corporation is the surviving entity), the holders of the Class C Common Stock shall receive the same amount and form of consideration, if any, on a per share basis as the consideration, if any, received by holders of the Class A Common Stock in connection with such merger, consolidation or combination (provided that if holders of Class A Common Stock are entitled to make an election as to the amount or form of consideration such holders shall receive in any such merger, consolidation or combination with respect to their shares of Class A Common Stock, the holders of Class C Common Stock shall be entitled to make the same election as to their shares of Class C Common Stock), and (ii) in the event of (x) any tender or exchange offer to acquire any shares of Common Stock by any third party pursuant to an agreement to which the Corporation is a party or (y) any tender or exchange offer or any other redemption or repurchase by the Corporation to acquire any shares of Common Stock, pursuant to the terms of the applicable tender or exchange offer or other repurchase, the holders of the Class C Common Stock shall receive the same amount and form of consideration on a per share basis as the holders of the Class A Common Stock (provided that if holders of Class A Common Stock are entitled to make an election as to the amount or form of consideration such holders shall receive in any such tender or exchange offer or other repurchase with respect to their shares of Class A Common Stock, the holders of Class C Capital Stock shall be entitled to make the same election as to their shares of Class C Capital Stock). 
               Section 4.    Restrictions on Transfer.     
        (a)    Restricted Transfers.    Except through a Secondary Market Transaction, no person shall purchase or otherwise acquire (whether through the conversion or exchange of securities 
A-3
Table of Contents convertible into shares of Class A Common Stock or Class C Common Stock or otherwise), and no stockholder of the Corporation shall transfer to any person, shares of Class A Common Stock or Class C Common Stock such that, after giving effect to such purchase, acquisition or other transfer (a "Restricted Transfer"), the holdings of the transferee, together with those of its FERC Affiliates, would equal or exceed the Utility Control Threshold without the prior written consent of the Board of Directors. 
        (b)    Purported Transfer in Violation of Restrictions.    Unless the approval of the Board of Directors is obtained with respect to a Restricted Transfer, such purported Restricted Transfer shall not be effective to transfer record, beneficial, legal or any other ownership of such Common Stock, and the transferee shall not be entitled to any rights as a stockholder of the Corporation with respect to the Class A Common Stock or the Class C Common Stock purported to be purchased, acquired or transferred in the Restricted Transfer (including, without limitation, the right to vote or to receive dividends with respect thereto). 
        (c)    Certain Definitions.    For purposes of this Section 4 of Article FOUR: 
        "Clearway Public Utility" means any direct or indirect subsidiary of Clearway Energy LLC that is a "public utility" (as that term is defined in the Federal Power Act). 
        "FERC Affiliate" means any person that is an "affiliate" (as such term is defined in 18 C.F.R. § 35.36(a)(9)) of another person prior to the effective date of the Restricted Transfer. 
        "Secondary Market Transaction" means a purchase or sale of Class A Common Stock or Class C Common Stock by a third-party investor (i) occurring while the Class A Common Stock or Class C Common Stock, as applicable, is publicly-traded, (ii) to which neither the Corporation nor any of its subsidiaries is a party, (iii) over which neither the Corporation nor any of its subsidiaries has control, and (iv) of which neither the Corporation nor any of its subsidiaries would, in the ordinary course, have prior notice. A Secondary Market Transaction does not include, among other things, any reacquisition of Class A Common Stock or Class C Common Stock by the Corporation. 
        "Utility Control Threshold" means holdings such that: (i) a person, collectively with its FERC Affiliates, directly and/or indirectly owns, controls and/or holds with power to vote 10% of the Corporation's outstanding voting securities; or (ii) the sum of the following equals 10%: (A) the percentage of the Corporation's voting securities directly and/or indirectly owned, controlled or held with power to vote by such person, collectively with its FERC Affiliates, other than through CEG, plus (B) the percentage of CEG's voting securities directly and/or indirectly owned, controlled or held with power to vote by such person, collectively with its FERC Affiliates, plus (C) the percentage of any Clearway Public Utility's voting securities directly and/or indirectly owned, controlled or held with power to vote by such person, collectively with its FERC Affiliates, other than through the Corporation or CEG. The percentages of a given entity's voting securities to be determined for purposes of the preceding sentence shall be calculated based on the voting power of the relevant voting securities. 
    ARTICLE FIVE         
        The Corporation is to have perpetual existence. 
    ARTICLE SIX         
        Except as provided by this Certificate and any duly authorized certificate of designation of any series of Preferred Stock, each director shall be elected by the vote of a plurality of the votes entitled to be cast by all shares of Common Stock entitled to vote on the election of directors voting as a single class and represented in person or by proxy at any meeting for the election of directors at which a quorum is present. 
A-4
Table of Contents
    ARTICLE SEVEN         
           Section 1.    Board of Directors.     The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board of Directors. In addition to the powers and authority expressly conferred upon them by statute or by this Certificate or the Bylaws of the Corporation (as amended and restated, the "Bylaws"), the directors are hereby empowered to exercise all such powers and do all such acts and things as may be exercised or done by the Corporation. 
               Section 2.    Number of Directors.     Subject to any rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect additional directors under specified circumstances, the Board of Directors shall have no more than sixteen (16) nor less than three (3) members, with the exact number of directors constituting the full board to be determined from time to time by the affirmative vote of a majority of the total number of directors then in office. Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock, newly created directorships resulting from an increase in the size of the Board of Directors may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the total number of directors then in office, although less than quorum, at any meeting of the Board of Directors. The board of directors shall be and is divided into two classes, as nearly equal in number as possible, designated as: Class I and Class II. In case of any increase or decrease, from time to time, in the number of directors, the number of directors in each class shall be apportioned as nearly equal as possible. Nothing in this Certificate shall preclude a director from serving consecutive terms. Elections of directors need not be by written ballot unless the Bylaws shall so provide. 
              Section 3.    Term of Office.     Each director shall serve for a term ending on the date of the second annual meeting following the annual meeting at which such director was elected; provided, that each director initially appointed to Class I shall serve for an initial term expiring at the corporation's first annual meeting of stockholders following the effectiveness of this provision and each director initially appointed to Class II shall serve for an initial term expiring at the corporation's second annual meeting of stockholders following the effectiveness of this provision; provided further, that the term of each director shall continue until the election and qualification of a successor and be subject to such director's earlier death, resignation or removal. No decrease in the number of directors shall shorten the term of any incumbent director. 
               Section 4.    Removal of Directors.     Subject to the rights, if any, of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock to remove directors (with or without cause) and fill the vacancies thereby created (as specified in any duly authorized certificate of designation of any series of Preferred Stock), any director or the entire board of directors may be removed from office only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the total voting power of the outstanding shares of the capital stock of the corporation entitled to vote in any annual election of directors or class of directors, voting together as a single class. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the holders of any class or series of capital stock are entitled by the provisions of this Certificate (including any duly authorized certificate of designation of any series of Preferred Stock) to elect one or more directors, such director or directors so elected may be removed with or without cause by the vote of the holders of a majority of the votes entitled to be cast by all outstanding shares of that class or series entitled to vote. 
              Section 5.    Vacancies in the Board of Directors.     Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock to remove directors and fill the vacancies thereby created (as specified in any duly authorized certificate of designation of any series of Preferred Stock) and subject to Section 2 of Article SEVEN, vacancies occurring on the Board of Directors for any reason may be filled by vote of a majority of the remaining members of the Board of Directors, although less than a quorum, at any meeting of the Board of Directors. A person so elected by the Board of Directors to fill a vacancy shall hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders of the Corporation and until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified or until his or her earlier death, resignation or removal. 
A-5
Table of Contents
    ARTICLE EIGHT         
        In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by statute, the Board of Directors is expressly authorized to make, alter, amend or repeal the Bylaws by the affirmative vote of a majority of the total number of directors then in office in addition to any other vote otherwise required by law. 
    ARTICLE NINE         
           Section 1.    Indemnification; Limitation of Liability.     
        (a)   To the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL as it now exists or may hereafter be amended, and except as otherwise provided in the Bylaws, (i) no director of the Corporation shall be liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages arising from a breach of fiduciary duty owed to the Corporation or its stockholders; and (ii) the Corporation shall indemnify its officers and directors. 
        (b)   Any repeal or modification of the foregoing paragraph by the stockholders of the Corporation shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director of the Corporation in respect of any act, omission or condition existing or event or circumstance occurring prior to the time of such repeal or modification. 
    ARTICLE TEN         
        For purposes of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, "Affiliated Company" means (i) Global Infrastructure Investors III, LLC ("GIP") and (ii) any Person controlled by GIP, other than the Corporation. For purposes of this definition "is controlled by" means the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. 
    ARTICLE ELEVEN         
        Meetings of stockholders may be held within or without the State of Delaware, as the Bylaws may provide. The books of the Corporation may be kept (subject to any provision contained in the DGCL) outside of the State of Delaware at such place or places as may be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors or in the Bylaws. 
    ARTICLE TWELVE         
        Subject to the rights of holders of any series of Preferred Stock to act by written consent as specified in any duly authorized certificate of designation of any series of Preferred Stock, the stockholders of the Corporation may not take any action by written consent in lieu of a meeting, and must take any actions at a duly called annual or special meeting of stockholders and the power of stockholders to consent in writing without a meeting is specifically denied. Except as otherwise required by law, special meetings of stockholders of the Corporation may be called only by the Board of Directors pursuant to a resolution adopted by the affirmative vote of the majority of the total number of directors then in office. 
    ARTICLE THIRTEEN         
           Section 1.    Competition and Corporate Opportunities.     To the extent provided in the following paragraphs, the Corporation renounces any interest or expectancy of the Corporation or any Controlled Company in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any Dual Opportunity presented to the Affiliated Company, any Controlled Company or to a Dual Role Person. 
A-6
Table of Contents
        (a)   In the event that the Affiliated Company acquires knowledge of a potential transaction or matter which may be a Dual Opportunity, the Corporation and any Controlled Company shall not, to the fullest extent permitted by law, have any expectancy in such Dual Opportunity. The Affiliated Company shall not have a duty to communicate or offer to the Corporation or any Controlled Company, or refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in, any Dual Opportunity, and may pursue or acquire such Dual Opportunity for themselves or direct such Dual Opportunity to another Person. 
        (b)   A Dual Role Person (i) shall have no duty to communicate or offer to the Corporation or any Controlled Company any Dual Opportunity that such Dual Role Person has communicated or offered to the Affiliated Company, (ii) shall not be prohibited from communicating or offering any Dual Opportunity to the Affiliated Company, and (iii) shall not be liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for breach of any fiduciary duty as a stockholder, director or officer of the Corporation, as the case may be, resulting from (x) the failure to communicate or offer to the Corporation or any Controlled Company any Dual Opportunity that such Dual Role Person has communicated or offered to the Affiliated Company (y) the communication or offer the Affiliated Company of any Dual Opportunity, in each case, so long as the Dual Opportunity was not expressly offered in writing to the Dual Role Person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the Corporation. 
               Section 2.    Certain Matters Deemed not Corporate Opportunities.     In addition to and notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Article THIRTEEN, the Corporation renounces any interest or expectancy of the Corporation or any of its Affiliated Companies in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any business opportunity that (i) the Corporation is not financially able or contractually permitted or legally able to undertake, (ii) is not in the Corporation's line of business, (iii) is of no practical advantage to the Corporation, and (iv) in which the Corporation has no interest or reasonable expectancy. Moreover, nothing in this Article THIRTEEN shall amend or modify in any respect any written contractual agreement between the Affiliated Company, on the one hand, and the Corporation or any of its Affiliated Companies, on the other hand. 
              Section 3.    Certain Definitions.     For purposes of this Article THIRTEEN and Article FIFTEEN: 
        "Controlled Company" means any Person controlled by the Corporation. For purposes of this definition "is controlled by" means the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. 
        "Dual Opportunity" means any potential transaction or matter within the same or similar business activities or related lines of business as those in which the Corporation or any Controlled Company may engage, and/or other business activities that overlap with or compete with those in which the Corporation, directly or indirectly, participates or which may be a corporate opportunity for the Corporation or any Controlled Company, on the one hand, and for the Affiliated Company, on the other hand. 
        "Dual Role Person" means any individual who is an officer or director of both the Corporation and the Affiliated Company. 
        "Person" means an individual, a partnership, a corporation, a limited liability company, an association, a joint stock company, a trust, a joint venture, an unincorporated organization and a governmental entity or any department, agency or political subdivision thereof. 
               Section 4.    Termination.     The provisions of this Article THIRTEEN shall have no further force or effect at such time as (i) the Corporation and the Affiliated Company are no longer affiliates of each other and (ii) none of the directors and/or officers of the Affiliated Company serve as directors and/or officers of the Corporation and any Controlled Company;  provided, however, that any such termination shall not terminate the effect of such provisions with respect to any agreement, arrangement or other 
A-7
Table of Contents understanding between the Corporation or a Controlled Company thereof, on the one hand, and the Affiliated Company, on the other hand, that was entered into before such time or any transaction entered into in the performance of such agreement, arrangement or other understanding, whether entered into before or after such time. 
               Section 5.    Deemed Notice.     Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or obtaining any interest in any capital stock of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice and to have consented to the provisions of this Article THIRTEEN. 
               Section 6.    Severability.     The invalidity or unenforceability of any particular provision, or part of any provision, of this Article THIRTEEN shall not affect the other provisions or parts hereof, and this Article THIRTEEN shall be construed in all respects as if such invalid or unenforceable provisions or parts were omitted. 
    ARTICLE FOURTEEN         
        Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Certificate or any provisions of law which might otherwise permit a lesser vote or no vote, but in addition to any affirmative vote of the holders of the capital stock required by law or this Certificate (including any duly authorized certificate of designation of any series of Preferred Stock), the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 662/3% of the combined voting power of all of the then outstanding shares of the Corporation eligible to be cast in the election of directors generally voting as a single class shall be required to alter, amend or repeal Section 1 of ARTICLE FOUR hereof, ARTICLE EIGHT hereof, ARTICLE NINE hereof, Section 3 of ARTICLE SEVEN hereof, ARTICLES TWELVE and THIRTEEN hereof, this ARTICLE FOURTEEN, or ARTICLE FIFTEEN hereof or any provision thereof or hereof. 
    ARTICLE FIFTEEN         
        The Corporation hereby elects not to be governed by Section 203 of the DGCL until such time as the Affiliated Company ceases to beneficially own at least 5% of the total voting power of all the then outstanding shares of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors voting together as a single class, whereupon the Corporation shall immediately and automatically, without further action on the part of the Corporation or any holder of stock of the Corporation become governed by Section 203 of the DGCL. 
    ARTICLE SIXTEEN         
        The Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, be the sole and exclusive forum for any stockholder (including a beneficial owner) to bring (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee of the Corporation to the Corporation or the Corporation's stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation, its directors, officers or employees arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, this Certificate (as may be amended, altered, changed or repealed) or the Bylaws or (iv) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation, its directors, officers or employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine, except for, as to each of (i) through (iv) above, any claim as to which the Court of Chancery determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery, or for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction. If any provision or provisions of this Article SIXTEEN shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable as applied to any person or entity or circumstance for any reason whatsoever, then, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the validity, legality and enforceability of such 
A-8
Table of Contents provisions in any other circumstance and of the remaining provisions of this Article SIXTEEN (including, without limitation, each portion of any sentence of this Article SIXTEEN containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable that is not itself held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) and the application of such provision to other persons or entities and circumstances shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any shares of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the provisions of this ARTICLE SIXTEEN. 
    ARTICLE SEVENTEEN         
        Except as expressly provided herein, the Corporation reserves the right to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision contained in this Certificate, in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by statute, and all rights conferred upon stockholders, directors or any other person herein are granted subject to this reservation. 
A-9
Table of Contents 
 Appendix B  
   CLEARWAY ENERGY, INC. AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION        OF NRG YIELD, INC.
     ARTICLE ONE         
        The name of the Corporation is Clearway Energy, Inc. 
    ARTICLE TWO         
        The address of the Corporation's registered office in the State of Delaware is Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street, City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, Delaware 19801. The name of its registered agent at such address is The Corporation Trust Company. 
    ARTICLE THREE         
        The nature of the business or purposes to be conducted or promoted is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the DGCL General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the "DGCL"). 
    ARTICLE FOUR         
           Section 1.    Stock Split.     Immediately upon the filing of the Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, and without any further action on the part of the Corporation or any stockholder, a stock split of this Corporation's outstanding Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock (as defined below) shall be effected whereby (i) each share of issued and outstanding Class A Common Stock shall be reconstituted and become one share of Class A Common Stock and one share of Class C Common Stock and (ii) each share of issued and outstanding Class B Common Stock shall be reconstituted and become one share of Class B Common Stock and one share of Class D Common Stock (the "Stock Split"). Following the Stock Split, (i) each record holder of a certificate evidencing Class A Common Stock shall be deemed to be the holder of record of the number of shares of Class A Common Stock and Class C Common Stock as effected by the Stock Split and (ii) each record holder of a certificate evidencing Class B Common Stock shall be deemed to be the holder of record of the number of shares of Class B Common Stock and Class D Common Stock as effected by the Stock Split, notwithstanding that the certificates representing such shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock, respectively, shall not have been surrendered at the office of the Corporation. The Corporation shall, upon request of each record holder of a certificate representing Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock, issue and deliver to such holder in exchange for such certificate a new certificate representing the number of shares of Class A Common Stock and Class C Common Stock or Class B Common Stock and Class D Common Stock, respectively, to which such holder is entitled after giving effect to the Stock Split. All further references to numbers of shares and all further amounts stated on a per share basis contained in the Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation are referenced and stated after giving effect to the Stock Split. 
               Section 1.    Section 2.Authorized  Shares.    The total number of shares of capital stock which the Corporation has authority to issue is 3,010,000,000 shares, consisting of: 
        (a)   10,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share ("Preferred Stock"); 
B-1
Table of Contents
        (b)   500,000,000 shares of Class A Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share ("Class A Common Stock"); 
        (c)   500,000,000 shares of Class B Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share ("Class B Common Stock"); 
        (d)   1,000,000,000 shares of Class C Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share ("Class C Common Stock"); and 
        (e)   1,000,000,000 shares of Class D Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share ("Class D Common Stock" and, together with the Class A Common Stock, the Class B Common Stock, and the Class C Common Stock, the "Common Stock"). 
               Section 2.    Section 3. Preferred Stock.    The Preferred Stock may be issued from time to time and in one or more series. By resolution adopted by the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the total number of directors then in office, the board of directors of the Corporation (the "Board of Directors") is authorized to determine or alter the powers, preferences and rights, and the qualifications, limitations and restrictions granted to or imposed upon any wholly unissued series of Preferred Stock, and within the limitations or restrictions stated in any resolution or resolutions of the Board of Directors adopted by the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the total number of directors then in office, originally fixing the number of shares constituting any series of Preferred Stock to increase or decrease (but not below the number of shares of any such series of Preferred Stock, then outstanding) the number of shares of any such series of Preferred Stock and to fix the number of shares of any series of Preferred Stock. In the event that the number of shares of any series of Preferred Stock shall be so decreased, the shares constituting such decrease shall resume the status which such shares had prior to the adoption of the resolution originally fixing the number of shares of such series of Preferred Stock subject to the requirements of applicable law. The powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional and other special rights of each series of Preferred Stock, and the qualifications, limitations and restrictions granted to or imposed upon, any such series of Preferred Stock may be made dependent upon facts ascertainable outside the resolutions or resolutions providing for the issue of such Preferred Stock, adopted by the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the total number of directors then in office, provided that the manner in which such facts shall operate upon the powers, preferences and rights of, and the qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, if any, may differ from those of any and all other series at any time outstanding. Any of the powers, preferences and rights of, and the qualifications, limitations and restrictions granted to or imposed upon, such series of Preferred Stock is clearly and expressly set forth in the resolution or resolutions providing for the issue of such series of Preferred Stock adopted by the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the total number of directors then in office. 
               Section 3.    Section 4. Common Stock.    
        (a)    Voting Rights.    Except as otherwise provided by the DGCL or this Certificate, and subject to the rights of holders of any series of Preferred Stock, all of the voting power of the stockholders of the Corporation shall be vested in the holders of the Common Stock. Holders of Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock, Class C Common Stock and Class D Common Stock shall vote together as a single class on all matters presented to the stockholders of the Corporation for their approval or vote. Each holder of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock shall have one vote for each share held by such holder on all matters voted upon by the stockholders of the Corporation. Each holder of Class C Common Stock and Class D Common Stock shall have 1/100th of one vote for each share held by such holder on all matters voted upon by the stockholders of the Corporation. 
B-2
Table of Contents
        (b)    Dividends and Other Distributions.    
        (i)    Subject to the rights of holders of any series of Preferred Stock, the holders of Class A Common Stock and Class C Common Stock shall share ratably in all dividends as may from time to time be declared by the Board of Directors in respect of the Common Stock out of the assets of the Corporation legally available for the payment thereof at such times and in such amounts as the Board of Directors in its discretion shall determine. 
        (ii)   Except as provided in clause (b)(iii) below with respect to stock dividends, dividends and other distributions of cash or property may not be declared or paid on the Class B Common Stock or Class D Common Stock. 
        (iii)  In no event will any stock dividends, stock splits, reverse stock splits, combinations of stock, reclassifications or recapitalizations be declared or made on any of the Class A Common Stock, the Class B Common Stock, the Class C Common Stock or the Class D Common Stock, unless contemporaneously therewith, the shares of Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock, Class C Common Stock and Class D Common Stock at the time outstanding are treated in the same proportion and the same manner. Stock dividends with respect to Class B Common Stock may only be paid with Class B Common Stock. Stock dividends with respect to Class D Common Stock may only be paid with Class D Common Stock. 
        (c)    Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding Up.    In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation, after payment or provision for payment of the debts and other liabilities of the Corporation and of the preferential and other amounts, if any, to which the holders of Preferred Stock shall be entitled, the holders of all outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock and Class C Common Stock shall be entitled to receive the remaining assets of the Corporation available for distribution ratably in proportion to the number of shares of Class A Common Stock and Class C Common Stock held by each such stockholder. Except as otherwise provided in this Article FOUR and except for their right to receive payment for the par value of their shares of Class B Common Stock and Class D Common Stock, the holders of shares of Class B Common Stock and Class D Common Stock shall not be entitled to receive any assets of the Corporation in the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation. 
        (d)    Retirement of Class B Common Stock and Class D Common Stock.    In the event that, pursuant to that certain Amended and Restated Exchange Agreement, dated as of the date hereofMay 14, 2015, and as assigned on August 31, 2018 (the "Exchange Agreement"), by and among NRG Clearway Energy, Inc. Group LLC (formerly Zephyr Renewables LLC), a Delaware corporation ("NRGlimited liability company ("CEG"), Clearway Energy LLC (formerly NRG Yield LLC), a Delaware limited liability company ("Yield Clearway  LLC") and the Corporation, NRGCEG or its permitted transferees or assignees exchange a Class B unit of Yield Clearway LLC for a share of Class A Common Stock or Class D unit of Yield Clearway LLC for a share of Class C Common Stock, an equivalent number of outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock or Class D Common Stock, respectively, shall be subject to mandatory redemption at a price per share equal to its per share par value and thereupon shall automatically and without further action on the part of the Corporation or any holder of Class B Common Stock or Class D Common Stock, as applicable, or other series of stock of the Corporation be cancelled and retired. 
        (e)    Preemptive Rights.    Except as otherwise provided in this Article FOUR, no holder of Common Stock shall have any preemptive, conversion or other rights to subscribe for additional shares with respect to the Common Stock or any other securities of the Corporation, or to any obligations convertible (directly or indirectly) into securities of the Corporation, whether now or hereafter authorized. 
B-3
Table of Contents
        (f)    Equal Status.    Except as expressly provided in this Article FOUR, Class C Common Stock shall have the same rights and privileges and rank equally, share ratably and be identical in all respects to the Class A Common Stock as to all matters. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (i) in the event of a merger, consolidation or other business combination of the Corporation requiring the approval of the holders of the Corporation's capital stock entitled to vote thereon (whether or not the Corporation is the surviving entity), the holders of the Class C Common Stock shall receive the same amount and form of consideration, if any, on a per share basis as the consideration, if any, received by holders of the Class A Common Stock in connection with such merger, consolidation or combination (provided that if holders of Class A Common Stock are entitled to make an election as to the amount or form of consideration such holders shall receive in any such merger, consolidation or combination with respect to their shares of Class A Common Stock, the holders of Class C Common Stock shall be entitled to make the same election as to their shares of Class C Common Stock), and (ii) in the event of (x) any tender or exchange offer to acquire any shares of Common Stock by any third party pursuant to an agreement to which the Corporation is a party or (y) any tender or exchange offer or any other redemption or repurchase by the Corporation to acquire any shares of Common Stock, pursuant to the terms of the applicable tender or exchange offer or other repurchase, the holders of the Class C Common Stock shall receive the same amount and form of consideration on a per share basis as the holders of the Class A Common Stock (provided that if holders of Class A Common Stock are entitled to make an election as to the amount or form of consideration such holders shall receive in any such tender or exchange offer or other repurchase with respect to their shares of Class A Common Stock, the holders of Class C Capital Stock shall be entitled to make the same election as to their shares of Class C Capital Stock). 
               Section 4.    Section 5. Restrictions on Transfer.    
        (a)    Restricted Transfers.    Except through a Secondary Market Transaction, no person shall purchase or otherwise acquire (whether through the conversion or exchange of securities convertible into shares of Class A Common Stock or Class C Common Stock or otherwise), and no stockholder of the Corporation shall transfer to any person, shares of Class A Common Stock or Class C Common Stock such that, after giving effect to such purchase, acquisition or other transfer (a "Restricted Transfer"), the holdings of the transferee, together with those of its PUHCAFERC Affiliates, would beneficially own, control and/or hold with power to vote sufficient Class A Common Stock and Class C Common Stock to convey equal or exceed the Utility Control Threshold without the prior written consent of the Board of Directors. 
        (b)    Purported Transfer in Violation of Restrictions.    Unless the approval of the Board of Directors is obtained with respect to a Restricted Transfer, such purported Restricted Transfer shall not be effective to transfer record, beneficial, legal or any other ownership of such Common Stock, and the transferee shall not be entitled to any rights as a stockholder of the Corporation with respect to the Class A Common Stock or the Class C Common Stock purported to be purchased, acquired or transferred in the Restricted Transfer (including, without limitation, the right to vote or to receive dividends with respect thereto). 
        (c)    Certain Definitions.    For purposes of this Section 54 of Article FOUR: 
        "PUHCAClearway Public Utility" means any direct or indirect subsidiary of Clearway Energy LLC that is a "public utility" (as that term is defined in the Federal Power Act). 
        "FERCAffiliate" means any person that is an "affiliate"or "associate company"(as such terms are term is defined in the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 2005 or regulations thereunder 18 C.F.R. § 35.36(a)(9)) of another person prior to the effective date of the Restricted Transfer. 
B-4
Table of Contents
        "Secondary Market Transaction" means a purchase or sale of Class A Common Stock or Class C Common Stock by a third-party investor (i) occurring while the Class A Common Stock or Class C Common Stock, as applicable, is publicly-traded, (ii) to which neither the Corporation nor any of its subsidiaries is a party, (iii) over which neither the Corporation nor any of its subsidiaries has control, and (iv) of which neither the Corporation nor any of its subsidiaries would, in the ordinary course, have prior notice. A Secondary Market Transaction does not include, among other things, any reacquisition of Class A Common Stock or Class C Common Stock by the Corporation. 
        "Utility ControlThreshold" means holdings such that: (i) a person, collectively with its FERC Affiliates, directly and/or indirectly owns, controls and/or holds with power to vote 10% of the Corporation's outstanding voting securities; or (ii) the sum of the following equals 10%: (A) the percentage of the Corporation's voting securities directly and/or indirectly owned, controlled or held with power to vote by such person, collectively with its FERC Affiliates, other than through CEG, plus (B) the percentage of CEG's voting securities directly and/or indirectly owned, controlled or held with power to vote by such person, collectively with its FERC Affiliates, plus (C) the percentage of any Clearway Public Utility's voting securities directly and/or indirectly owned, controlled or held with power to vote by such person, collectively with its FERC Affiliates, other than through the Corporation or CEG. The percentages of a given entity's voting securities to be determined for purposes of the preceding sentence shall be calculated based on the voting power of the relevant voting securities. means the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Yield Public Utility and shall be deemed to exist if a person and its PUHCA Affiliates directly and/or indirectly own, control and/or hold with power to vote 10% or more of the outstanding voting securities of such Yield Public Utility. The percentage of voting securities of a Yield Public Utility directly and/or indirectly owned, controlled and/or held with power to vote by a person and its PUHCA Affiliates shall be equal to the sum of: (i) the number of shares of Class A Common Stock and one one-hundredth (1/100th) of the number of shares of Class C Common Stock owned, controlled and/or held with power to vote by such person and its PUHCA Affiliates divided by the total number of shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock then outstanding plus one one-hundredth (1/100th) of the total number of shares of Class C Common Stock and Class D Common Stock then outstanding multiplied by the percentage interest in the Yield Public Utility directly and/or indirectly owned, controlled and/or held with power to vote by the Corporation, plus (ii) the aggregate percentage of outstanding NRG voting securities owned, controlled or held with power to vote by such person and its PUHCA Affiliates multiplied by the percentage interest in the Yield Public Utility directly or indirectly owned, controlled and/or held with power to vote by NRG (including, but not limited to, those held through its voting interests in the Corporation), plus (iii) the percentage of the Yield Public Utility's outstanding voting securities owned, controlled and/or held with power to vote by such person and its PUHCA Affiliates other than through ownership interests in the Corporation or NRG. The calculation is expressed in the following formula: 
        [(ACP / ATotal + BTotal + CTotal + DTotal) * YPUY] + [(NRGP / NRGTotal) * YPUNRG] + YPUP
        WHERE:ACP = the sum of (i) the number of shares of Class A Common Stock owned, controlled and/or held with power to vote by such person and its PUHCA Affiliates, plus (ii) the number of shares of Class C Common Stock owned, controlled and/or held with power to vote by such person and its PUHCA Affiliates divided by one hundred (100). 
ATotal = the total number of shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding. 
BTotal = the total number of shares of Class B Common Stock outstanding. 
CTotal = the total number of shares of Class C Common Stock outstanding divided by one hundred (100). 
B-5
Table of Contents
DTotal = the total number of shares of Class D Common Stock outstanding divided by one hundred (100).NRGP = the number of voting shares owned, controlled and/or held with power to vote by such person and its PUHCA Affiliates in NRG. 
NRGTotal = the total number of voting shares of NRG outstanding. 
YPUY = the percentage of the voting interests of a Yield Public Utility directly and/or indirectly owned, controlled and/or held with power to vote by the Corporation. 
YPUNRG = the percentage of the voting interests of a Yield Public Utility directly and/or indirectly owned, controlled and/or held with power to vote by NRG. 
YPUP = the percentage of the voting interests of a Yield Public Utility directly and/or indirectly owned, controlled and/or held with power to vote by such person other than through interests in the Corporation or NRG. 
"Yield Public Utility" means any direct or indirect subsidiary of Yield LLC that is a "public utility" (as that term is defined in the Federal Power Act). 
    ARTICLE FIVE         
        The Corporation is to have perpetual existence. 
    ARTICLE SIX         
        Except as provided by this Certificate and any duly authorized certificate of designation of any series of Preferred Stock, each director shall be elected by the vote of a plurality of the votes entitled to be cast by all shares of Common Stock entitled to vote on the election of directors voting as a single class and represented in person or by proxy at any meeting for the election of directors at which a quorum is present. 
    ARTICLE SEVEN         
           Section 1.    Board of Directors.     The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board of Directors. In addition to the powers and authority expressly conferred upon them by statute or by this Certificate or the Bylaws of the Corporation (as amended and restated, the "Bylaws"), the directors are hereby empowered to exercise all such powers and do all such acts and things as may be exercised or done by the Corporation. 
              Section 2.    Number of Directors.     Subject to any rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect additional directors under specified circumstances, the Board of Directors shall have no more than sixteen (16) nor less than three (3) members, with the exact number of directors constituting the full board to be determined from time to time by the affirmative vote of a majority of the total number of directors then in office. Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock, newly created directorships resulting from an increase in the size of the Board of Directors may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the total number of directors then in office, although less than quorum, at any meeting of the Board of Directors. Each director shall hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders of the Corporation and until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified or until his or her earlier death, resignation or removal. The board of directors shall be and is divided into two classes, as nearly equal in number as possible, designated as: Class I and Class II. In case of any increase or decrease, from time to time, in the number of directors, the number of directors in each class shall be apportioned as nearly equal as possible. Nothing in this Certificate shall preclude a director from serving consecutive terms. Elections of directors need not be by written ballot unless the Bylaws shall so provide. 
B-6
Table of Contents
              Section 3.    Term of Office.     Each director shall serve for a term ending on the date of the second annual meeting following the annual meeting at which such director was elected; provided, that each director initially appointed to Class I shall serve for an initial term expiring at the corporation's first annual meeting of stockholders following the effectiveness of this provision and each director initially appointed to Class II shall serve for an initial term expiring at the corporation's second annual meeting of stockholders following the effectiveness of this provision; provided further, that the term of each director shall continue until the election and qualification of a successor and be subject to such director's earlier death, resignation or removal. No decrease in the number of directors shall shorten the term of any incumbent director. 
               Section 4.    Section 1. Removal of Directors.     Subject to the rights, if any, of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock to remove directors (with or without cause) and fill the vacancies thereby created (as specified in any duly authorized certificate of designation of any series of Preferred Stock), noany director or the entire board of directors may be removed from office with or without only for cause except and only by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the votes entitled to be cast by all shares of Common Stock then outstanding votingat least a majority of the total voting power of the outstanding shares of the capital stock of the corporation entitled to vote in any annual election of directors or class of directors, voting together as a single class. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the holders of any class or series of capital stock are entitled by the provisions of this Certificate (including any duly authorized certificate of designation of any series of Preferred Stock) to elect one or more directors, such director or directors so elected may be removed with or without cause by the vote of the holders of a majority of the votes entitled to be cast by all outstanding shares of that class or series entitled to vote. 
              Section 5.    Section 2. Vacancies in the Board of Directors.     Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock to remove directors and fill the vacancies thereby created (as specified in any duly authorized certificate of designation of any series of Preferred Stock) and subject to Section 2 of Article SEVEN, vacancies occurring on the Board of Directors for any reason may be filled by vote of a majority of the remaining members of the Board of Directors, although less than a quorum, at any meeting of the Board of Directors. A person so elected by the Board of Directors to fill a vacancy shall hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders of the Corporation and until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified or until his or her earlier death, resignation or removal. 
    ARTICLE EIGHT         
        In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by statute, the Board of Directors is expressly authorized to make, alter, amend or repeal the Bylaws by the affirmative vote of a majority of the total number of directors then in office in addition to any other vote otherwise required by law. 
    ARTICLE NINE         
           Section 1.    Indemnification; Limitation of Liability.    
        (a)   To the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL as it now exists or may hereafter be amended, and except as otherwise provided in the Bylaws, (i) no director of the Corporation shall be liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages arising from a breach of fiduciary duty owed to the Corporation or its stockholders; and (ii) the Corporation shall indemnify its officers and directors. 
        (b)   Any repeal or modification of the foregoing paragraph by the stockholders of the Corporation shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director of the Corporation in respect of any act, omission or condition existing or event or circumstance occurring prior to the time of such repeal or modification. 
B-7
Table of Contents
   ARTICLE TEN 
        For purposes of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, "Affiliated Company" means (i) Global Infrastructure Investors III, LLC ("GIP") and (ii) any Person controlled by GIP, other than the Corporation. For purposes of this definition "is controlled by" means the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. 
    ARTICLE ELEVEN         
        Meetings of stockholders may be held within or without the State of Delaware, as the Bylaws may provide. The books of the Corporation may be kept (subject to any provision contained in the DGCL) outside of the State of Delaware at such place or places as may be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors or in the Bylaws. 
    ARTICLE TWELVE         
        Subject to the rights of holders of any series of Preferred Stock to act by written consent as specified in any duly authorized certificate of designation of any series of Preferred Stock, the stockholders of the Corporation may not take any action by written consent in lieu of a meeting, and must take any actions at a duly called annual or special meeting of stockholders and the power of stockholders to consent in writing without a meeting is specifically denied. Except as otherwise required by law, special meetings of stockholders of the Corporation may be called only by the Board of Directors pursuant to a resolution adopted by the affirmative vote of the majority of the total number of directors then in office. 
    ARTICLE THIRTEEN         
           Section 1.    Competition and Corporate Opportunities.     To the extent provided in the following paragraphs, the Corporation renounces any interest or expectancy of the Corporation or any of its Affiliated Companies Controlled Company in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any Dual Opportunity presented to NRG or its the Affiliated Entities Company, any Controlled Company or to a Dual Role Person. 
        (a)   In the event that NRG and its the Affiliated Companies Company acquires knowledge of a potential transaction or matter which may be a Dual Opportunity, neither the Corporation nor any of its Affiliated Companiesand any Controlled Company shall not, to the fullest extent permitted by law, have any expectancy in such Dual Opportunity. NRG and its The Affiliated CompaniesCompany shall not have no a duty to communicate or offer to the Corporation or any of its Affiliated Companies Controlled Company, or refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in, any Dual Opportunity, and may pursue or acquire such Dual Opportunity for themselves or direct such Dual Opportunity to another Person. 
        (b)   A Dual Role Person (i) shall have no duty to communicate or offer to the Corporation or any of itsAffiliated Companies or any Controlled Company any Dual Opportunity that such Dual Role Person has communicated or offered to NRG or its the Affiliated Companies Company, (ii) shall not be prohibited from communicating or offering any Dual Opportunity to NRG or its the Affiliated Companies Company, and (iii) shall not be liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for breach of any fiduciary duty as a stockholder, director or officer of the Corporation, as the case may be, resulting from (x) the failure to communicate or offer to the Corporation or any of its Affiliated Companies Controlled Company any Dual Opportunity that such Dual Role Person has communicated or offered to NRG or itsthe Affiliated Companies or 
B-8
Table of Contents
Company (y) the communication or offer to NRG or itsthe Affiliated CompaniesCompany of any Dual Opportunity, in each case, so long as the Dual Opportunity was not expressly offered in writing to the Dual Role Person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the Corporation. 
               Section 2.    Certain Matters Deemed not Corporate Opportunities.     In addition to and notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Article THIRTEEN, the Corporation renounces any interest or expectancy of the Corporation or any of its Affiliated Companies in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any business opportunity that (i) the Corporation is not financially able or contractually permitted or legally able to undertake, (ii) is not in the Corporation's line of business, (iii) is of no practical advantage to the Corporation, and (iv) in which the Corporation has no interest or reasonable expectancy. Moreover, nothing in this Article THIRTEEN shall amend or modify in any respect any written contractual agreement between NRG or its the Affiliated CompaniesCompany, on the one hand, and the Corporation or any of its Affiliated Companies, on the other hand. 
              Section 3.    Certain Definitions.     For purposes of this Article THIRTEEN and Article FIFTEEN: 
        "AffiliatedControlledCompany" means (i) with respect to the Corporation, any Person controlled by the Corporation, (ii) with respect to NRG, any Person controlled by NRG, other than the Corporation. For purposes of this definition "is controlled by" means the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. 
        "Dual Opportunity" means any potential transaction or matter within the same or similar business activities or related lines of business as those in which the Corporation or any of its Affiliated Companies Controlled Company may engage, and/or other business activities that overlap with or compete with those in which the Corporation, directly or indirectly, participates or which may be a corporate opportunity for the Corporation or any of its Affiliated Companies Controlled Company, on the one hand, and for NRG and its the Affiliated Companies Company, on the other hand. 
        "Dual Role Person" means any individual who is an officer or director of both the Corporation and NRG the Affiliated Company. 
        "Person" means an individual, a partnership, a corporation, a limited liability company, an association, a joint stock company, a trust, a joint venture, an unincorporated organization and a governmental entity or any department, agency or political subdivision thereof. 
               Section 4.    Termination.     The provisions of this Article THIRTEEN shall have no further force or effect at such time as (i) the Corporation and NRG the Affiliated Company are no longer affiliates of each other and (ii) none of the directors and/or officers of NRG the Affiliated Company serve as directors and/or officers of the Corporation and its Affiliated Companiesany Controlled Company; provided,  however, that any such termination shall not terminate the effect of such provisions with respect to any agreement, arrangement or other understanding between the Corporation or an Affiliated a Controlled Company thereof, on the one hand, and NRG or an the Affiliated Company thereof, on the other hand, that was entered into before such time or any transaction entered into in the performance of such agreement, arrangement or other understanding, whether entered into before or after such time. 
               Section 5.    Deemed Notice.     Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or obtaining any interest in any capital stock of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice and to have consented to the provisions of this Article THIRTEEN. 
               Section 6.    Severability.     The invalidity or unenforceability of any particular provision, or part of any provision, of this Article THIRTEEN shall not affect the other provisions or parts hereof, and this 
B-9
Table of Contents
Article THIRTEEN shall be construed in all respects as if such invalid or unenforceable provisions or parts were omitted. 
    ARTICLE FOURTEEN         
        Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Certificate or any provisions of law which might otherwise permit a lesser vote or no vote, but in addition to any affirmative vote of the holders of the capital stock required by law or this Certificate (including any duly authorized certificate of designation of any series of Preferred Stock), the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 662/3% of the combined voting power of all of the then outstanding shares of the Corporation eligible to be cast in the election of directors generally voting as a single class shall be required to alter, amend or repeal Section 21 of ARTICLE FOUR hereof, ARTICLE EIGHT hereof, ARTICLE NINE hereof, Section 23 of ARTICLE TENSEVEN hereof, ARTICLES TWELVE and THIRTEEN hereof, this ARTICLE FOURTEEN, or ARTICLE FIFTEEN hereof or any provision thereof or hereof. 
    ARTICLE FIFTEEN         
        The Corporation hereby elects not to be governed by Section 203 of the DGCL until such time as NRG and its the Affiliated CompaniesCompany ceases to beneficially own at least 5% of the total voting power of all the then outstanding shares of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors voting together as a single class, whereupon the Corporation shall immediately and automatically, without further action on the part of the Corporation or any holder of stock of the Corporation become governed by Section 203 of the DGCL. 
    ARTICLE SIXTEEN         
        The Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, be the sole and exclusive forum for any stockholder (including a beneficial owner) to bring (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee of the Corporation to the Corporation or the Corporation's stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation, its directors, officers or employees arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, this Certificate (as may be amended, altered, changed or repealed) or the Bylaws or (iv) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation, its directors, officers or employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine, except for, as to each of (i) through (iv) above, any claim as to which the Court of Chancery determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery, or for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction. If any provision or provisions of this Article SIXTEEN shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable as applied to any person or entity or circumstance for any reason whatsoever, then, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the validity, legality and enforceability of such provisions in any other circumstance and of the remaining provisions of this Article SIXTEEN (including, without limitation, each portion of any sentence of this Article SIXTEEN containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable that is not itself held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) and the application of such provision to other persons or entities and circumstances shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any shares of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the provisions of this ARTICLE SIXTEEN. 
B-10
Table of Contents
    ARTICLE SEVENTEEN         
        Except as expressly provided herein, the Corporation reserves the right to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision contained in this Certificate, in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by statute, and all rights conferred upon stockholders, directors or any other person herein are granted subject to this reservation. 
B-11
VOTE BY   INTERNET - www.proxyvote.com Use the Internet to transmit your voting   instructions and for electronic delivery of information. Vote by 11:59 p.m.   Eastern Time on April 30, 2019 for shares held directly and by 11:59 p.m.   Eastern Time on April 28, 2019 for shares held in a Plan. Have your proxy   card in hand when you access the website and follow the instructions to   obtain your records and to create an electronic voting instruction form.   ELECTRONIC DELIVERY OF FUTURE PROXY MATERIALS If you would like to reduce the   costs incurred by our company in mailing proxy materials, you can consent to   receiving all future proxy statements, proxy cards and annual reports   electronically via e-mail or the Internet. To sign up for electronic   delivery, please follow the instructions above to vote using the Internet   and, when prompted, indicate that you agree to receive or access proxy   materials electronically in future years. VOTE BY PHONE - 1-800-690-6903 Use   any touch-tone telephone to transmit your voting instructions. Vote by 11:59   p.m. Eastern Time on April 30, 2019 for shares held directly and by 11:59   p.m. Eastern Time on April 28, 2019 for shares held in a Plan. Have your   proxy card in hand when you call and then follow the instructions. VOTE BY   MAIL Mark, sign and date your proxy card and return it in the postage-paid   envelope we have provided or return it to Vote Processing, c/o Broadridge, 51   Mercedes Way, Edgewood, NY 11717. CLEARWAY ENERGY, INC. C/O OFFICE OF GENERAL   COUNSEL 300 CARNEGIE CENTER SUITE 300 PRINCETON, NJ 08540 TO VOTE, MARK   BLOCKS BELOW IN BLUE OR BLACK INK AS FOLLOWS: E58742-P18064 KEEP THIS PORTION   FOR YOUR RECORDS DETACH AND RETURN THIS PORTION ONLY THIS PROXY CARD IS VALID   ONLY WHEN SIGNED AND DATED. To withhold authority to vote for any individual   nominee(s), mark "For All Except" and write the number(s) of the   nominee(s) on the line below. CLEARWAY ENERGY, INC. The Board of Directors   recommends a vote FOR all the nominees listed. For Withhold For All   AllAllExcept ! ! ! 1. Election of Directors: Nominees: 01) Christopher S.   Sotos 02) Nathaniel Anschuetz 03) Scott Stanley 04) Ferrell P. McClean 05)   Daniel B. More 06) Jonathan Bram 07) Bruce MacLennan 08) E. Stanley O'Neal   09) Brian R. Ford If stockholders approve Proposal 2, the directors, if elected,   will be classified into two classes with staggered terms of one or two years   initially, followed by two-year terms, as described in the proxy statement.   If stockholders do not approve Proposal 2, each director, if elected, will   serve a one-year term. The Board of Directors recommends you vote FOR   Proposals 2 and 3. For Against Abstain ! ! ! ! ! ! 2.To approve the amendment   and restatement of Clearway Energy, Inc.'s restated certificate of   incorporation to classify the Board of Directors into two classes with   staggered terms, allow stockholders to remove a director only for cause, and   make other technical changes. 3. To approve, on a non-binding advisory basis,   Clearway Energy, Inc.'s executive compensation. NOTE: Such other business as   may properly come before the meeting or any adjournment thereof. For address   changes and/or comments, please check this box and write them on the back   where indicated. ! ! Yes ! No Please indicate if you plan to attend this   meeting. Please sign exactly as name(s) appears hereon. Joint owners should   each sign. When signing as attorney, executor, administrator, corporate   officer, trustee, guardian, or custodian, please give full title as such.   Signature [PLEASE SIGN WITHIN BOX] Date Signature (Joint Owners) Date 
Important   Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual Meeting:   The Notice and Proxy Statement and Annual Report are available at   www.proxyvote.com. E58743-P18064 CLEARWAY ENERGY, INC. ANNUAL MEETING OF   STOCKHOLDERS May 1, 2019 9:00 A.M. (Eastern Time) Hyatt Regency Princeton 102   Carnegie Center Princeton, NJ 08540 This Proxy Voting Instruction Card is   Solicited on Behalf of the Board of Directors of Clearway Energy, Inc. for   the 2019 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. The undersigned hereby constitutes   and appoints Christopher S. Sotos and Kevin P. Malcarney, and each of them,   attorneys and proxies with full power of substitution, to represent the   undersigned and to vote all shares of Class A common stock, $0.01 par value,   Class B common stock, $0.01 par value, Class C common stock, $0.01 par value   and Class D common stock, $0.01 par value, of Clearway Energy, Inc. (the   "Company"), that the undersigned would be entitled to vote if   personally present at the 2019 Annual Meeting of Stockholders of the Company,   to be held on May 1, 2019, at 9:00 A.M. (Eastern Time) at the Hyatt Regency   Princeton, 102 Carnegie Center, Princeton, NJ 08540, and at any adjournments   or postponements thereof (the "Meeting"), as herein specified and   in such proxyholder's discretion upon any other matters that may properly   come before the Meeting including, without limitation, to vote on the   election of such substitute nominees as such proxies may select in the event   nominee(s) named on their card become(s) unable to serve as director. By   granting this proxy, the undersigned hereby revokes any proxy previously   granted by the undersigned. THIS PROXY WILL BE VOTED AS DIRECTED. IF NOT   OTHERWISE DIRECTED, THIS PROXY WILL BE VOTED "FOR" THE NOMINEES   LISTED UNDER PROPOSAL 1 AND "FOR" PROPOSALS 2 AND 3. (If you noted   any Address Changes/Comments above, please mark corresponding box on the   reverse side.) (Continued and to be signed on reverse side) Address   Changes/Comments: 
 