 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 UNITED   STATES  
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
 Washington, D.C. 20549  
 SCHEDULE 14A  
 Proxy   Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of    the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No.     )  
 Filed by the Registrant  x  
 Filed by a Party other than the   Registrant  o  
 Check the appropriate box:  
 o   Preliminary Proxy Statement o   Confidential, for   Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2))  
 x   Definitive Proxy Statement o   Definitive Additional Materials o   Soliciting Material Pursuant to   §240.14a-12  
 DISH   Network Corporation  
 (Name   of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter)  
 (Name   of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant)  
 Payment of Filing Fee (Check the   appropriate box):  
 x   No fee required.  
 o   Fee computed on table below per   Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11.  
     (1)   Title of each class of securities to   which transaction applies:  
     (2)   Aggregate number of securities to   which transaction applies:  
     (3)   Per unit price or other underlying   value of transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11 (set forth   the amount on which the filing fee is calculated and state how it was   determined):  
     (4)   Proposed maximum aggregate value of   transaction:  
     (5)   Total fee paid:  
 o   Fee paid previously with preliminary   materials.  
 o   Check box if any part of the fee is   offset as provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing   for which the offsetting fee was paid previously. Identify the previous   filing by registration statement number, or the Form or Schedule and the date   of its filing.  
     (1)   Amount Previously Paid:  
     (2)   Form, Schedule or Registration   Statement No.:  
     (3)   Filing Party:  
     (4)   Date Filed:  
[END TABLE]
March 19, 2019
DEAR SHAREHOLDER:
It is a pleasure for me to extend to you an invitation to attend the 2019 Annual Meeting of Shareholders of DISH Network Corporation.  The Annual Meeting will be held on April 29, 2019, at 1:00 p.m., local time, at DISH Network's headquarters located at 9601 S. Meridian Blvd., Englewood, Colorado 80112.
The enclosed Notice of 2019 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Proxy Statement describe the proposals to be considered and voted upon at the Annual Meeting.  During the Annual Meeting, we will also review DISH Network's operations and other items of general interest regarding the corporation.
We hope that all shareholders will attend the Annual Meeting.  Whether or not you plan to attend the Annual Meeting personally, it is important that you be represented.  To ensure that your vote will be received and counted, please vote online, by mail or by telephone, by following the instructions included with the proxy card.
On behalf of the Board of Directors and senior management, I would like to express our appreciation for your support and interest in DISH Network.  I look forward to seeing you at the Annual Meeting.
CHARLES W. ERGEN
Chairman
NOTICE OF 2019 ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF DISH NETWORK CORPORATION:
The Annual Meeting of Shareholders of DISH Network Corporation will be held on April 29, 2019, at 1:00 p.m., local time, at our headquarters located at 9601 S. Meridian Blvd., Englewood, Colorado 80112, for the following purposes:
1.              To elect nine directors to our Board of Directors;
2.              To ratify the appointment of KPMG LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2019;
3.              To approve our 2019 Stock Incentive Plan; and
4.              To consider and act upon any other business that may properly come before the Annual Meeting or any adjournment or postponement of the Annual Meeting.
You may vote on these matters in person or by proxy.  Whether or not you plan to attend the Annual Meeting, we ask that you vote by one of the following methods to ensure that your shares will be represented at the meeting in accordance with your wishes:
· Vote online or by telephone, by following the instructions included with the proxy card; or
· Vote by mail, by completing and returning the enclosed proxy card in the enclosed addressed stamped envelope.
Only shareholders of record at the close of business on March 8, 2019 are entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the Annual Meeting or any adjournment or postponement of the meeting.  This proxy statement and the proxy card were either made available to you online or mailed to you beginning on or about March 19, 2019.
By Order of the Board of Directors
BRANDON EHRHART
Secretary
March 19, 2019
9601 S. Meridian Blvd.· Englewood, Colorado 80112· Tel: (303) 723-1000· Fax: (303) 723-1999
PROXY STATEMENT
OF
DISH NETWORK CORPORATION
GENERAL INFORMATION
This Proxy Statement and the accompanying proxy card are being furnished to you in connection with the 2019 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the "Annual Meeting") of DISH Network Corporation ("DISH Network," "we," "us," "our," or the "Corporation").  The Annual Meeting will be held on April 29, 2019, at 1:00 p.m., local time, at our headquarters located at 9601 S. Meridian Blvd., Englewood, Colorado 80112.
This Proxy Statement is being sent or provided on or about March 19, 2019, to holders of record at the close of business on March 8, 2019 (the "Record Date") of our Class A Common Stock (the "Class A Shares") and Class B Common Stock (the "Class B Shares").
Your proxy is being solicited by our Board of Directors (the "Board" or "Board of Directors").  Your proxy may be revoked by written notice given to our Secretary at our headquarters at any time before being voted.  You may also revoke your proxy by submitting a proxy with a later date or by voting in person at the Annual Meeting.  To vote online or by telephone, please refer to the instructions included with the proxy card.  To vote by mail, please complete the accompanying proxy card and return it to us as instructed in the accompanying proxy card.  Votes submitted online or by telephone or mail must be received by 11:59 p.m., Eastern Time, on April 28, 2019.  Submitting your vote online or by telephone or mail will not affect your right to vote in person, if you choose to do so.  Proxies that are properly delivered to us and not revoked before the closing of the polls during the Annual Meeting will be voted for the proposals described in this Proxy Statement in accordance with the instructions set forth in the accompanying proxy card.  The Board is currently not aware of any matters proposed to be presented at the Annual Meeting other than the election of nine directors, the ratification of KPMG LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2019, and the approval of our 2019 Stock Incentive Plan.  If any other matter is properly presented at the Annual Meeting, the persons named in the accompanying proxy card will have discretionary authority to vote on that matter.  Your presence at the Annual Meeting does not of itself revoke your proxy.
Attendance at the Meeting
All of our shareholders of record at the close of business on the Record Date, or their duly appointed proxies, may attend the Annual Meeting.  Seating is limited, however, and admission to the Annual Meeting will be on a first-come, first-served basis.  Registration and seating will begin at 12:30 p.m., local time, and the Annual Meeting will begin at 1:00 p.m., local time.  Each shareholder may be asked to present a valid government issued photo identification confirming his or her identity as a shareholder of record, such as a driver's license or passport.  Cameras, recording devices, and other electronic devices will not be permitted at the Annual Meeting.
If your shares are held by a broker, bank, or other nominee (often referred to as holding in "street name") and you desire to attend the Annual Meeting, you will need to bring a legal proxy or a copy of a brokerage or bank statement reflecting your share ownership as of the Record Date.  All shareholders must check in at the registration desk at the Annual Meeting. Securities Entitled to Vote
Shareholder of Record.  If your shares are registered directly in your name with our transfer agent, Computershare Trust Company, N.A., you are considered the "shareholder of record," with respect to those shares. Shareholders of record receive this Proxy Statement and the accompanying 2018 Annual Report and the proxy card directly from us.
Beneficial Owner.  If your shares are held in a stock brokerage account or by a bank or other nominee, you are considered the "beneficial owner" of shares held in street name. Your broker, bank or other nominee, who is considered with respect to those shares the shareholder of record, should have forwarded the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials to you. As the beneficial owner, you have the right to direct your broker, bank or other nominee on how to vote your shares by completing the voting instruction form.
Only shareholders of record at the close of business on the Record Date are entitled to notice of the Annual Meeting.  Such shareholders may vote shares held by them at the close of business on the Record Date at the Annual Meeting.  At the close of business on the Record Date, 229,458,144 Class A Shares and 238,435,208 Class B Shares were outstanding.  Each Class A Share is entitled to one vote per share on each proposal to be considered by our shareholders.  Each Class B Share is entitled to ten votes per share on each proposal to be considered by our shareholders.
Vote Required
In accordance with our Articles of Incorporation, the presence at the Annual Meeting, in person or by proxy, of the holders of a majority of the total voting power of all classes of our voting stock taken together shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at the Annual Meeting.
The affirmative vote of a plurality of the total votes cast for directors at the Annual Meeting is necessary to elect a director.  No cumulative voting is permitted.  The nine nominees receiving the highest number of votes cast "for" will be elected.
The affirmative vote of a majority of the voting power represented at the Annual Meeting is required to approve the ratification of the appointment of KPMG LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm and the approval of our 2019 Stock Incentive Plan.  The total number of votes cast "for" will be counted for purposes of determining whether sufficient affirmative votes have been cast to approve the ratification of the appointment of KPMG LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm, and the amendment and restatement of our Employee Stock Purchase Plan.
Abstentions from voting on a proposal by a shareholder at the Annual Meeting, as well as broker nonvotes, will be considered for purposes of determining the number of total votes present at the Annual Meeting.  Abstentions will have the same effect as votes "against" the ratification of the appointment of KPMG LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm and the approval of our 2019 Stock Incentive Plan.  However, abstentions will not be counted as "against" or "for" the election of directors.  Broker nonvotes will not be considered in determining the election of directors, the ratification of the appointment of KPMG LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm, or the approval of our 2019 Stock Incentive Plan.
Charles W. Ergen, our Chairman, currently possesses approximately 91.3% of the total voting power of our issued and outstanding shares.  Please see "Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management" below.  Mr. Ergen has indicated his intention to vote: (1) for the election of each of the nine director nominees; (2) for the ratification of the appointment of KPMG LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm; and (3) for the approval of our 2019 Stock Incentive Plan.  Accordingly, the election of each of the director nominees, the ratification of the appointment of KPMG LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm, and the approval of our 2019 Stock Incentive Plan are assured notwithstanding a contrary vote by any or all shareholders other than Mr. Ergen. Householding
We have adopted a procedure approved by the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") called "householding."  Under this procedure, service providers that deliver our communications to shareholders may deliver a single copy of our Annual Report, Proxy Statement, or Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials to multiple shareholders sharing the same address, unless one or more of these shareholders notifies us that they wish to continue receiving individual copies.  Shareholders who participate in householding will continue to receive separate proxy cards.  This householding procedure reduces our printing costs and postage fees.
We will deliver promptly upon written or oral request a separate copy of our Annual Report, Proxy Statement, or Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, as applicable, to a shareholder at a shared address to which a single copy of the documents was delivered.  Please notify Broadridge Financial Solutions at 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, New York 11717 or (800) 542-1061 to receive a separate copy of our Annual Report, Proxy Statement, or Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials.
If you are eligible for householding, but you and other shareholders with whom you share an address currently receive multiple copies of our annual reports, proxy statements and/or Notices of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, or if you hold stock in more than one account, and in either case you wish to receive only a single copy of our Annual Report, Proxy Statement, or Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials for your household, please contact Broadridge Financial Solutions at the address or phone number provided above.
Our Mailing Address
Our mailing address is 9601 S. Meridian Blvd., Englewood, Colorado 80112.
PROPOSAL NO. 1 — ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
Nominees
Our shareholders will elect a board of nine directors at the Annual Meeting.  Each of the directors is expected to hold office until the next annual meeting of our shareholders, or until his or her respective successor shall be duly elected and qualified.  The affirmative vote of a plurality of the total votes cast for directors is necessary to elect a director.  This means that the nine nominees who receive the most votes will be elected to the nine open directorships, even if they get less than a majority of the votes cast.  Each nominee has consented to his or her nomination and has advised us that he or she intends to serve if elected.  If at the time of the Annual Meeting one or more of the nominees have become unable to serve: (i) shares represented by proxies will be voted for the remaining nominees and for any substitute nominee or nominees; or (ii) the Board of Directors may, in accordance with our Bylaws, reduce the size of the Board of Directors or may leave a vacancy until a nominee is identified.  David K. Moskowitz, a current member of the Board of Directors, will not continue to serve when his term expires on April 29, 2019.  The Board of Directors has determined to reduce the size of the Board from ten directors to nine directors effective immediately following the expiration of Mr. Moskowitz's term as a director at the conclusion of the Annual Meeting.
The nominees for director are as follows:
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Name       Age       First Became Director       Position with the Corporation  
 Kathleen Q. Abernathy       62       2019       Director  
 George R. Brokaw       51       2013       Director  
 James DeFranco       66       1980       Director and Executive Vice President  
 Cantey M. Ergen       63       2001       Director and Senior Advisor  
 Charles W. Ergen       66       1980       Chairman  
 Charles M. Lillis       77       2013       Director  
 Afshin Mohebbi       56       2014       Director  
 Tom A. Ortolf       68       2005       Director  
 Carl E. Vogel       61       2005       Director and Senior Advisor  
[END TABLE]
 The following sets forth the business experience of each of the nominees over the last five years:
Kathleen Q. Abernathy.  Ms. Abernathy joined the Board in March 2019 and is a member of our Audit Committee and Compensation Committee.  Ms. Abernathy currently serves on the Board of Directors of various private and non-profit companies and organizations.  Ms. Abernathy served as Executive Vice President, External Affairs for Frontier Communications Inc. ("Frontier") from March 2010 through April 2017 as well as Chief Legal Officer from 2010 through 2013.  Prior to that time, Ms. Abernathy served as a member of the Board of Directors of Frontier from 2005 through 2010 and as a partner for various law firms providing policy and regulatory services for various clients in the telecommunications industry.  Ms. Abernathy also served as a Commissioner at the Federal Communications Commission from 2001 through 2005.  From time to time, Ms. Abernathy also has held positions with various companies and law firms related to the telecommunications industry.  The Board has determined that Ms. Abernathy meets the independence requirements of NASDAQ and SEC rules and regulations.  The Board concluded that Ms. Abernathy should serve as a member of the Board due to, among other things, her regulatory and managerial experience in the telecommunications and related industries, acquired, in part, during her tenure with Frontier and the FCC.
George R. Brokaw.  Mr. Brokaw joined the Board in October 2013 and is a member of our Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, and Nominating Committee.  Mr. Brokaw is currently a private investor through several private and public investment vehicles. From October 2013 to November 2018, he served as a General Partner of the investment firm Trafelet Brokaw & Co., LLC.  Prior to forming Trafelet Brokaw & Co. Mr. Brokaw served as Managing Director of the Highbridge Growth Equity Fund at Highbridge Principal Strategies, LLC ("Highbridge").  Prior to joining Highbridge, Mr. Brokaw was a Managing Director and Head of Private Equity at Perry Capital, L.L.C. ("Perry").  Prior to joining Perry, Mr. Brokaw was Managing Director (Mergers & Acquisitions) of Lazard Frères & Co. LLC ("Lazard").  Mr. Brokaw currently serves on the board of directors of Alico, Inc. and Modern Media Acquisition Corp.  Mr. Brokaw previously served on several public company boards of directors including North American Energy Partners Inc. and Terrapin 3 Acquisition Corporation.  The Board has determined that Mr. Brokaw meets the independence requirements of NASDAQ and SEC rules and regulations.  The Board concluded that Mr. Brokaw should continue to serve on the Board due, among other things, to his financial experience, acquired, in part, during his tenure with Highbridge, Perry and Lazard.  Mr. Brokaw received a B.A. from Yale University and a J.D. and M.B.A. from the University of Virginia.  Mr. Brokaw is a member of the New York Bar.
James DeFranco.  Mr. DeFranco is one of our Executive Vice Presidents and has been one of our vice presidents and a member of the Board of Directors since our formation.  During the past five years he has held various executive officer and director positions with DISH Network and our subsidiaries.  During 1980, Mr. DeFranco co-founded DISH Network with Charles W. Ergen and Cantey M. Ergen.  The Board concluded that Mr. DeFranco should continue to serve on the Board due, among other things, to his knowledge of DISH Network since its formation, particularly in sales and marketing.
Cantey M. Ergen.  Mrs. Ergen has served on the Board since May 2001, is currently a Senior Advisor to us and has had a variety of operational responsibilities with us since our formation.  Mrs. Ergen served as a member of the board of trustees of Children's Hospital Colorado from 2001 to 2012, and is now an honorary lifetime member.  Mrs. Ergen also served on the board of trustees of Wake Forest University from 2009 to 2018.  During 1980, Mrs. Ergen co-founded DISH Network with her future spouse, Charles W. Ergen, and James DeFranco.  The Board concluded that Mrs. Ergen should continue to serve on the Board due, among other things, to her knowledge of DISH Network since its inception and her service to us in a multitude of roles over the years.
Charles W. Ergen.  Mr. Ergen serves as our executive Chairman and has been Chairman of the Board of Directors since our formation.  During the past five years, Mr. Ergen has held various executive officer and director positions with DISH Network and our subsidiaries including the position of President, which he most recently held from March 2015 to December 2015, and Chief Executive Officer, which he held most recently from March 2015 to December 2017.  During 1980, Mr. Ergen co-founded DISH Network with his future spouse, Cantey M. Ergen, and James DeFranco.  Mr. Ergen also serves as executive Chairman and Chairman of the Board of Directors of EchoStar Corporation ("EchoStar").  The Board concluded that Mr. Ergen should continue to serve on the Board due, among other things, to his role as our co-founder and controlling shareholder and the expertise, leadership and strategic direction that he has contributed to us since our formation. Charles M. Lillis.  Mr. Lillis joined the Board in November 2013 and is a member of our Audit Committee and Compensation Committee.  Mr. Lillis served as an advisor to Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. ("Wells Fargo") from 2011 to 2013.  Previously, Mr. Lillis was a co-founder and managing partner of Castle Pines Capital LLC ("Castle Pines Capital") from 2004 to 2011, a private equity concern and a financial services entity.  Castle Pines Capital was acquired by Wells Fargo in 2011.  Mr. Lillis was also previously a co-founder and principal of LoneTree Capital Management LLC ("LoneTree Capital Management"), a private equity investing group formed in 2000.  Prior to LoneTree Capital Management, Mr. Lillis served as Chairman of the board of directors and Chief Executive Officer of MediaOne Group, Inc. from its inception in 1995 through its acquisition by AT&T Corp. in 2000.  Mr. Lillis also has served on the boards of the following public companies:  Charter Communications Inc. ("Charter") from 2003 to 2005; Medco Health Solutions, Inc. from 2005 to 2012; SUPERVALU Inc. from 1995 to 2011; The Williams Companies Inc. from 2000 to 2009; and Washington Mutual, Inc. from 2005 to 2009.  Mr. Lillis also serves on the board of directors of the private company SomaLogic Inc.  The Board has determined that Mr. Lillis meets the independence requirements of NASDAQ and SEC rules and regulations.  The Board concluded that Mr. Lillis should continue to serve on the Board due, among other things, to his financial and managerial experience.
Afshin Mohebbi.  Mr. Mohebbi joined the Board in September 2014 and is a member of our Audit Committee and Nominating Committee. Mr. Mohebbi is a private investor and advisor to public and private companies.  Mr. Mohebbi has been a Senior Advisor to TPG Capital since March 2003.  Prior to TPG Capital, Mr. Mohebbi was President and Chief Operating Officer of Qwest Communications International, Inc. ("Qwest") from April 2001 to December 2002.  From July 2000 to April 2001, Mr. Mohebbi served as President, Worldwide Operations of Qwest.  From June 1999 to July 2000, Mr. Mohebbi served as President and Chief Operating Officer at Qwest prior to its merger with US WEST, Inc.  Before joining Qwest, Mr. Mohebbi served as President and managing director of the United Kingdom Markets for British Telecom and was a member of its management board from 1997 to 1999.  Prior to British Telecom, Mr. Mohebbi served as Vice President-Marketing for SBC Communications, Inc., following its acquisition of Pacific Bell in 1997.  Mr. Mohebbi began his career with Pacific Bell in 1983, where he held a variety of positions, including Vice President-Business Markets. Mr. Mohebbi previously served on the board of directors of Hanaro Telecom Incorporated from 2005 to 2007 and the board of directors of BearingPoint, Inc. from 2001 to 2005.  Mr. Mohebbi currently serves on the board of directors of Digital Realty Trust, Inc., which he joined in 2016.  Mr. Mohebbi also serves on the boards of directors of several private companies.  The Board has determined that Mr. Mohebbi meets the independence requirements of NASDAQ and SEC rules and regulations.  The Board concluded that Mr. Mohebbi should continue to serve on the Board due, among other things, to his financial and managerial experience in the telecommunications and related industries, acquired, in part, during his tenure with TPG Capital and Qwest.
Tom A. Ortolf.  Mr. Ortolf joined the Board in May 2005 and is a member of our Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, and Nominating Committee.  Mr. Ortolf has been the President of CMC, a privately held investment management firm, for over twenty years.  The Board has determined that Mr. Ortolf meets the independence requirements of NASDAQ and SEC rules and regulations.  Mr. Ortolf has also served as a member of the board of directors of EchoStar since its formation in October 2007.  The Board concluded that Mr. Ortolf should continue to serve on the Board due, among other things, to his knowledge of DISH Network from his service as a director since 2005 and his expertise in finance, business, and risk management, in particular in light of his experience as an executive with CMC.
Carl E. Vogel.  Mr. Vogel has served on the Board since May 2005 and is currently a Senior Advisor to us.  Mr. Vogel is also a private investor as well as a senior advisor to KKR & Co. L.P.  He served as our President from September 2006 to February 2008 and served as our Vice Chairman from June 2005 to March 2009.  From October 2007 to March 2009, Mr. Vogel served as the Vice Chairman of the board of directors of, and as a Senior Advisor to, EchoStar.  From 2001 to 2005, Mr. Vogel served as the President and CEO of Charter, a publicly-traded company providing cable television and broadband services to approximately six million customers. Prior to joining Charter, Mr. Vogel worked as an executive officer in various capacities for companies affiliated with Liberty Media Corporation from 1998 to 2001.  Mr. Vogel was one of our executive officers from 1994 to 1997, including serving as our President from 1995 to 1997.  Mr. Vogel is also currently serving on the boards of directors of Shaw Communications Inc. (which he joined in 2006), Universal Electronics, Inc. (which he joined in 2009), Sirius XM Holdings Inc. (which he joined in 2011) and AMC Networks Inc. (which he joined in 2013).  The Board concluded that Mr. Vogel should continue to serve on the Board due, among other things, to his knowledge of DISH Network from his service as a director and officer and his experience in the telecommunications and related industries from his service over the years as a director or officer with a number of different companies in those industries. Charles W. Ergen, our Chairman, currently possesses approximately 91.3% of the total voting power.  Please see "Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management" below. Mr. Ergen has indicated his intention to vote in favor of each of the nominees set forth in Proposal No. 1.  Accordingly, election of all of the nominees set forth in Proposal No. 1 is assured notwithstanding a contrary vote by any or all shareholders other than Mr. Ergen.
The Board of Directors unanimously recommends a vote FOR the election of all of the nominees named herein (Item No.  1 on the enclosed proxy card).
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS
Board of Directors and Committees and Selection Process
Our Board held five meetings in 2018 and also took action by unanimous written consent on five occasions during 2018.  Each of our directors attended at least 75% of the aggregate of: (i) the total number of meetings of the Board held during the period in which he or she was a director and (ii) the total number of meetings held by all committees of the Board on which he or she served.  In addition, our non-employee directors held four executive sessions in 2018.
Directors are elected annually and serve until their successors are duly elected and qualified or their earlier resignation or removal.  Officers serve at the discretion of the Board.
We are a "controlled company" within the meaning of the NASDAQ Marketplace Rules because more than 50% of our voting power is held by Charles W. Ergen, our Chairman.  Mr. Ergen currently beneficially owns approximately 51.7% of our total equity securities and possesses approximately 91.3% of the total voting power.  Mr. Ergen's beneficial ownership excludes 55,185 Class A Shares held by certain trusts established by Mr. Ergen for the benefit of his family.  Please see "Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management" below.  Therefore, we are not subject to the NASDAQ listing requirements that would otherwise require us to have: (i) a Board of Directors comprised of a majority of independent directors; (ii) compensation of our executive officers determined by a majority of the independent directors or a compensation committee composed solely of independent directors; (iii) a compensation committee charter which, among other things, provides the compensation committee with the authority and funding to retain compensation consultants and other advisors; and (iv) director nominees selected, or recommended for the Board's selection, either by a majority of the independent directors or a nominating committee composed solely of independent directors.  Nevertheless, the Corporation has created a Compensation Committee and a Nominating Committee, in addition to an Audit Committee, all of which are composed entirely of independent directors.  The charters of our Compensation, Audit and Nominating Committees are available free of charge on the investor relations section of our website at http://www.ir.dish.com.  The function and authority of these committees are described below:
Audit Committee.  Our Board has established a standing Audit Committee in accordance with NASDAQ rules and Section 10A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act") and related SEC rules and regulations.  The Audit Committee operates under an Audit Committee Charter adopted by the Board.  The principal functions of the Audit Committee are to: (i) select the independent registered public accounting firm and set their compensation; (ii) select the internal auditor; (iii) review and approve management's plan for engaging our independent registered public accounting firm during the year to perform non-audit services and consider what effect these services will have on the independence of our independent registered public accounting firm; (iv) review our annual financial statements and other financial reports that require approval by the Board; (v) oversee the integrity of our financial statements, our systems of disclosure and internal controls, and our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; (vi) review the scope of our independent registered public accounting firm's audit plans and the results of their audits; and (vii) evaluate the performance of our internal audit function and independent registered public accounting firm. The Audit Committee held eight meetings and acted by unanimous written consent on one occasion during 2018.  The current members of the Audit Committee are Ms. Abernathy, Mr. Brokaw, Mr. Lillis, Mr. Mohebbi and Mr. Ortolf, with Mr. Ortolf serving as Chairman of the Audit Committee and Mr. Brokaw serving as our "audit committee financial expert." The Board has determined that each of these individuals meets the independence requirements of NASDAQ and SEC rules and regulations. The Board has also determined that each member of our Audit Committee is financially literate and that Mr. Brokaw qualifies as an "audit committee financial expert" as defined by applicable SEC rules and regulations.
Compensation Committee.  The Compensation Committee operates under a Compensation Committee Charter adopted by the Board. The principal functions of the Compensation Committee are, to the extent the Board deems necessary or appropriate, to: (i) make and approve all option grants and other issuances of DISH Network's equity securities to DISH Network's executive officers and Board members other than nonemployee directors; (ii) approve all other option grants and issuances of DISH Network's equity securities, and recommend that the full Board make and approve such grants and issuances; (iii) establish in writing all performance goals for performance-based compensation that together with other compensation to senior executive officers could exceed $1 million annually, other than standard stock incentive plan options that may be paid to DISH Network's executive officers, and certify achievement of such goals prior to payment; and (iv) set the compensation of Mr. Ergen, who is our Chairman. The Compensation Committee held five meetings and acted by unanimous written consent on four occasions during 2018.  The current members of the Compensation Committee are Ms. Abernathy, Mr. Brokaw, Mr. Lillis, and Mr. Ortolf, with Mr. Brokaw serving as Chairman of the Compensation Committee.  The Board has determined that each of these individuals meets the independence requirements of NASDAQ and SEC rules and regulations.
Nominating Committee.  The Nominating Committee operates under a Nominating Committee Charter adopted by the Board.  The principal function of the Nominating Committee is to recommend independent director nominees for selection by the Board.  The Nominating Committee held one meeting and took action by unanimous written consent on one occasion during 2018.  The current members of the Nominating Committee are Mr. Brokaw, Mr. Mohebbi and Mr. Ortolf, with Mr. Mohebbi serving as Chairman of the Nominating Committee.  The Board has determined that each of these individuals meets the independence requirements of NASDAQ and SEC rules and regulations.
The Nominating Committee will consider candidates suggested by its members, other directors, senior management and shareholders as appropriate.  No search firms or other advisors were retained to identify prospective nominees during the past fiscal year.  In light of its written charter, the Nominating Committee has not adopted a written policy with respect to the consideration of candidates proposed by security holders or with respect to nominating anyone to our Board other than nonemployee directors.  Director candidates, whether recommended by the Nominating Committee, other directors, senior management or shareholders are currently considered by the Nominating Committee and the Board, as applicable, in light of the entirety of their credentials, including, but not limited to, the following diverse factors: (i) their reputation and character; (ii) their ability and willingness to devote sufficient time to Board duties; (iii) their educational background; (iv) their business and professional achievements, experience, and industry background; (v) their independence from management under listing standards and the Corporation's governance guidelines; and (vi) the needs of the Board and the Corporation.
Board Criteria.  In considering whether to recommend a prospective nominee for selection by the Board, including candidates recommended by shareholders, the Nominating Committee does not assign specific weights to particular criteria and no particular criterion is necessarily applicable to all prospective nominees.  However, DISH Network believes that the backgrounds and qualifications of the directors, considered as a group, should provide a diverse mix of experience, knowledge, and abilities that will allow the Board to fulfill its responsibilities. The Nominating Committee recommends, if necessary, measures to be taken so that the Board reflects the appropriate balance of, among other things, experience, knowledge, and abilities required for the Board as a whole and contains at least the minimum number of independent directors required by applicable laws and regulations.
A shareholder who wishes to recommend a prospective nominee for the Board should notify the Corporation's General Counsel or any member of the Nominating Committee in writing with whatever supporting material the shareholder considers appropriate. The Nominating Committee will also consider whether to nominate any person nominated by a shareholder pursuant to the provisions of the Corporation's Bylaws relating to shareholder nominations.  Communications can be directed to the Corporation's General Counsel or any member of the Nominating Committee in accordance with the process described in "Shareholder Communications" below. Board Leadership Structure.  The Board currently separates the role of Chairman of the Board from the role of Chief Executive Officer, with Mr. Charles W. Ergen serving as Chairman and Mr. W. Erik Carlson serving as President and Chief Executive Officer of DISH Network.  Mr. Ergen has previously held the positions of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of DISH Network from time to time.  Mr. Carlson is responsible for the day-to-day management of the Corporation and Mr. Ergen primarily identifies strategic priorities and leads the discussion and execution of strategy for DISH Network including, without limitation, devoting attention to the company's emerging wireless business.  We believe this leadership structure is appropriate for the Corporation because, among other reasons, separating the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer roles allows us to efficiently develop and implement corporate strategy that is consistent with the Board's oversight role, while facilitating strong day-to-day executive leadership.  Among other things, separation of these roles allows our Chief Executive Officer and other members of senior management to focus on our day-to-day business, while at the same time the Board is able to take advantage of the unique blend of leadership, experience, and knowledge of our industry and business that Mr. Ergen brings to the role of Chairman in providing guidance to, and oversight of, management.  In light of the separation of the role of Chairman of the Board from the role of Chief Executive Officer and Mr. Ergen's voting control, we believe that the creation of a lead independent director position is not necessary at this time.
The Board's Role in Risk Oversight
The Board has ultimate responsibility for oversight of the Corporation's risk management processes.  The Board discharges this oversight responsibility through regular reports received from and discussions with senior management on areas of material risk exposure to the Corporation.  These reports and Board discussions include, among other things, operational, financial, legal and regulatory, and strategic risks.  Additionally, the Corporation's risk management processes are intended to identify, manage, and control risks so that they are appropriate considering the Corporation's scope, operations, and business objectives.  The full Board (or the appropriate Committee in the case of risks in areas for which responsibility has been delegated to a particular Committee) engages with the appropriate members of senior management to enable its members to understand and provide input to, and oversight of, our risk identification, risk management, and risk mitigation strategies. The Audit Committee also meets regularly in executive session without management present to, among other things, discuss the Corporation's risk management culture and processes.  For example, as part of its charter, our Audit Committee is responsible for, among other things, discussing the Corporation's policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management, and reviewing contingent liabilities and risks that may be material to the Corporation.  When a Committee receives a report from a member of management regarding areas of risk, the Chairman of the relevant Committee is expected to report on the discussion to the full Board to the extent necessary or appropriate.  This enables the Board to coordinate risk oversight, particularly with respect to interrelated or cumulative risks that may involve multiple areas for which more than one Committee has responsibility.  The Board or applicable Committee also has authority to engage external advisors to the extent necessary or appropriate.
Other Information about Our Board of Directors
Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation.  The Compensation Committee is comprised solely of independent directors.  The Compensation Committee members are currently Ms. Abernathy, Mr. Brokaw, Mr. Lillis, and Mr. Ortolf.  None of these individuals was an officer or employee of DISH Network or EchoStar at any time during the 2018 fiscal year.  During the 2018 fiscal year, no executive officer of DISH Network served on: (i) the compensation committee of another entity, one of whose executive officers served on our Compensation Committee; (ii) the board of directors of another entity, one of whose executive officers served on our Compensation Committee; or (iii) the compensation committee of another entity, one of whose executive officers served on our Board of Directors.
Annual Meeting Attendance.  Although we do not have a policy with regard to Board members' attendance at our annual meetings of shareholders, all of our directors are encouraged to attend such meetings.  All of our directors serving as directors at the time of our 2018 annual meeting attended that meeting.  We expect that all of our directors will attend the 2019 Annual Meeting. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
Unless otherwise indicated, the following table sets forth, to the best of our knowledge, the beneficial ownership of our voting securities as of the close of business on the Record Date by:  (i) each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than five percent of any class of our voting securities; (ii) each of our directors; (iii) our Chief Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and three other most highly compensated persons acting as one of our executive officers in 2018 (collectively, the "Named Executive Officers" or "NEOs"); and (iv) all of our directors and executive officers as a group.  Unless otherwise indicated, each person listed in the following table (alone or with family members) has sole voting and dispositive power over the shares listed opposite such person's name.
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Name (1)       Amount and     Nature of     Beneficial     Ownership       Percentage     of Class      
 Class A   Common Stock:                      
 Charles W. Ergen   (2), (3)       242,075,731       51.7%  
 Cantey M. Ergen   (4)       241,403,731       51.6%  
 Dodge &   Cox (5)       24,533,137       10.7%  
 The Vanguard   Group (6)       23,054,462       10.1%  
 JPMorgan Chase   & Co. (7)       17,911,940       7.8%  
 BlackRock, Inc.   (8)       17,865,453       7.8%  
 King Street   Capital Management, L.P. (9)       13,901,000       6.1%  
 Eagle Capital   Management, LLC (10)       13,846,434       6.0%  
 James DeFranco   (11)       4,765,415       2.1%  
 David K.   Moskowitz (12)       179,039       *      
 W. Erik Carlson   (13)       178,346       *      
 John W.   Swieringa (14)       109,476       *      
 Thomas A. Cullen   (15)       89,420       *      
 Tom A. Ortolf   (16)       80,200       *      
 Carl E. Vogel   (17)       41,716       *      
 Charles M.   Lillis (18)       34,360       *      
 Paul W. Orban   (19)       29,173       *      
 Afshin Mohebbi   (20)       23,750       *      
 George R. Brokaw   (21)       20,000       *      
 Steven E. Swain   (22)       1,829       *      
 Kathleen Q.   Abernathy       —       *      
 All Directors   and Executive Officers as a Group (19 persons) (23)       247,905,222       52.8%  
 Class B   Common Stock:                      
 Charles W. Ergen       238,435,208       100.0%  
 Cantey M. Ergen       238,435,208       100.0%  
 All Directors   and Executive Officers as a Group (19 persons) (23)       238,435,208       100.0%  
[END TABLE]
*             Less than 1%.
(1)               Except as otherwise noted below, the address of each such person is 9601 S. Meridian Blvd., Englewood, Colorado 80112.  As of the close of business on the Record Date, there were 229,458,144 outstanding Class A Shares and 238,435,208 outstanding Class B Shares.
(2)               Mr. Ergen is deemed to own beneficially all of the Class A Shares owned by his spouse, Cantey M. Ergen. Mr. Ergen's beneficial ownership includes: (i) 696,070 Class A Shares; (ii) 19,827 Class A Shares held in the Corporation's 401(k) Employee Savings Plan (the "401(k) Plan"); (iii) 672,000 Class A Shares subject to employee stock options that are either currently exercisable or may become exercisable within 60 days of the Record Date; (iv) 235 Class A Shares held by Mrs. Ergen; (v) 2,266 Class A Shares held in the 401(k) Plan by Mrs. Ergen; (vi) 8,955 Class A Shares held by one of Mr. and Mrs. Ergen's children; (vii) 2,167,705 Class A Shares held by a charitable foundation for which Mr. Ergen is an officer and for which he shares investment and voting power with Mrs. Ergen; (viii) 6,465 Class A Shares held by a trust for which Mrs. Ergen has a durable power of attorney on behalf of the beneficiary of the trust; (ix) 30,237,512 Class B Shares owned beneficially directly by Mr. Ergen, (x) 63,790,620 Class B Shares and 67,000 Class A Shares held by Telluray Holdings, LLC ("Telluray Holdings"), for which Mrs. Ergen has sole voting power as a manager of Telluray Holdings and for which Mr. Ergen and Mrs. Ergen share dispositive power as the managers of Telluray Holdings; and (xi) 144,407,076 Class B Shares owned beneficially by Mrs. Ergen solely by virtue of her position as trustee of certain trusts established by Mr. Ergen for the benefit of his family (see (3) below in the notes to the table).  Mr. Ergen's beneficial ownership excludes 55,185 Class A Shares held by certain trusts established by Mr. Ergen for the benefit of his family.
(3)               Because each Class B Share is entitled to 10 votes per share, Mr. Ergen owns beneficially equity securities of the Corporation representing approximately 91.3% of the voting power of the Corporation (assuming no conversion of the Class B Shares and after giving effect to the exercise of Mr. Ergen's employee stock options that are either currently exercisable or may become exercisable within 60 days of the Record Date).  Mr. Ergen's beneficial ownership includes: (i) 15,603,739 Class B Shares owned beneficially by Mrs. Ergen solely by virtue of her position as trustee of the Ergen Three-Year 2017 DISH GRAT; (ii) 10,803,337 Class B Shares owned beneficially by Mrs. Ergen solely by virtue of her position as trustee of the Ergen Two-Year 2017 DISH GRAT; (iii) 36,000,000 Class B Shares owned beneficially by Mrs. Ergen solely by virtue of her position as trustee of the Ergen Two-Year March 2018 DISH GRAT; (iv) 32,000,000 Class B Shares owned beneficially by Mrs. Ergen solely by virtue of her position as trustee of the Ergen Two-Year May 2018 DISH GRAT; and (v) 50,000,000 Class B Shares owned beneficially by Mrs. Ergen solely by virtue of her position as trustee of the Ergen Two-Year November 2018 DISH GRAT.
(4)               Mrs. Ergen beneficially owns all of the Class A Shares owned by her spouse, Mr. Ergen, except for 672,000 Class A Shares subject to employee stock options that are either currently exercisable or may become exercisable within 60 days of the Record Date.
(5)               The address of Dodge & Cox is 555 California Street, 40th Floor, San Francisco, California 94104.  Of the Class A Shares beneficially owned, Dodge & Cox has sole voting power as to 23,515,420 Class A Shares and sole dispositive power as to 24,533,137 Class A Shares.  The foregoing information is based solely upon a Schedule 13G filed by Dodge & Cox with the SEC on February 11, 2019.
(6)               The address of The Vanguard Group ("Vanguard") is 100 Vanguard Boulevard, Malvern, Pennsylvania 19355.  Of the Class A Shares beneficially owned, Vanguard has sole voting power as to 262,722 Class A Shares and sole dispositive power as to 22,761,113 Class A Shares.  In addition, of the Class A Shares beneficially owned, Vanguard has shared voting power as to 43,192 Class A Shares and shared dispositive power as to 293,349 Class A Shares.  The foregoing information is based solely upon a Schedule 13G filed by Vanguard with the SEC on January 10, 2019.
(7)               The address of JPMorgan Chase & Co. ("JPMorgan Chase") is 270 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10017.  Of the Class A Shares beneficially owned, JPMorgan Chase has sole voting power as to 17,159,131 Class A Shares and sole dispositive power as to 17,884,711 Class A Shares.  In addition, of the Class A Shares beneficially owned, JPMorgan Chase has shared voting power as to 47,435 Class A Shares and shared dispositive power as to 9,332 Class A Shares.  The foregoing information is based solely upon a Schedule 13G filed by JPMorgan Chase with the SEC on January 22, 2019.
(8)               The address of BlackRock, Inc. ("BlackRock") is 55 East 52nd Street, New York, New York 10055.  Of the Class A Shares beneficially owned, BlackRock has sole voting power as to 15,912,183 Class A Shares and sole dispositive power as to 17,865,453 Class A Shares.  The foregoing information is based solely upon a Schedule 13G filed by BlackRock with the SEC on February 11, 2019.
(9)               The address of King Street Capital Management, L.P. ("King Street") is 65 East 55th Street, 30th Floor, New York, New York 10022.  Of the Class A Shares beneficially owned, King Street has shared voting power as to 13,901,000 Class A Shares and shared dispositive power as to 13,901,000 Class A Shares.  The foregoing information is based solely upon a Schedule 13G filed by King Street with the SEC on February 13, 2019.
(10)        The address of Eagle Capital Management, LLC ("Eagle") is 499 Park Avenue, 17th Floor, New York, New York 10022.  Of the Class A Shares beneficially owned, Eagle has sole voting power as to 11,664,010 Class A Shares and sole dispositive power as to 13,846,434 Class A Shares.  The foregoing information is based solely upon a Schedule 13G filed by Eagle with the SEC on February 14, 2019.
(11)        Mr. DeFranco's beneficial ownership includes: (i) 1,528,529 Class A Shares; (ii) 19,827 Class A Shares held in the 401(k) Plan; (iii) 12,000 Class A Shares subject to employee stock options that are either currently exercisable or may become exercisable within 60 days of the Record Date; (iv) 50,000 Class A Shares held by Mr. DeFranco in an irrevocable trust for the benefit of his children and grandchildren; (v) 1,250,000 Class A Shares controlled by Mr. DeFranco as general partner of a limited partnership; and (vi) 1,905,059 Class A Shares held by Mr. DeFranco as a general partner of a different limited partnership. (12)        Mr. Moskowitz's beneficial ownership includes: (i) 134,094 Class A Shares; (ii) 19,018 Class A Shares held in the 401(k) Plan; and (iii) 25,927 Class A Shares held by a charitable foundation for which Mr. Moskowitz is a member of the board of directors.
(13)        Mr. Carlson's beneficial ownership includes: (i) 10,943 Class A Shares; (ii) 1,403 Class A Shares held in the 401(k) Plan; and (iii) 166,000 Class A Shares subject to employee stock options that are either currently exercisable or may become exercisable within 60 days of the Record Date.
(14)        Mr. Swieringa's beneficial ownership includes: (i) 312 Class A Shares; (ii) 1,164 Class A Shares held in the 401(k) Plan; and (iii) 108,000 Class A Shares subject to employee stock options that are either currently exercisable or may become exercisable within 60 days of the Record Date.
(15)        Mr. Cullen's beneficial ownership includes: (i) 56,122 Class A Shares; (ii) 1,298 Class A Shares held in the 401(k) Plan; and (iii) 32,000 Class A Shares subject to employee stock options that are either currently exercisable or may become exercisable within 60 days of the Record Date.
(16)        Mr. Ortolf's beneficial ownership includes: (i) 20,000 Class A Shares subject to nonemployee director stock options that are either currently exercisable or may become exercisable within 60 days of the Record Date; (ii) 200 Class A Shares held in the name of one of his children; and (iii) 60,000 Class A Shares held by a partnership of which Mr. Ortolf is a partner and are held as collateral for a margin account.
(17)        Mr. Vogel's beneficial ownership includes: (i) 40,165 Class A Shares; and (ii) 1,551 Class A Shares held in the 401(k) Plan.
(18)        Mr. Lillis' beneficial ownership includes: (i) 8,080 Class A Shares; (ii) 20,000 Class A Shares subject to nonemployee director stock options that are either currently exercisable or may become exercisable within 60 days of the Record Date; (iii) 2,355 Class A Shares held by a limited liability company of which Mr. Lillis is the managing member; and (iv) 3,925 Class A Shares held by Mr. Lillis' spouse.
(19)        Mr. Orban's beneficial ownership includes: (i) 1,576 Class A Shares; (ii) 597 Class A Shares held in the 401(k) Plan; and (iii) 27,000 Class A Shares subject to employee stock options that are either currently exercisable or may become exercisable within 60 days of the Record Date.
(20)        Mr. Mohebbi's beneficial ownership includes 23,750 Class A Shares subject to nonemployee director stock options that are either currently exercisable or may become exercisable within 60 days of the Record Date.
(21)        Mr. Brokaw's beneficial ownership includes 20,000 Class A Shares subject to nonemployee director stock options that are either currently exercisable or may become exercisable within 60 days of the Record Date.
(22)        Mr. Swain's beneficial ownership includes: (i) 1,132 Class A Shares; and (ii) 425 Class A Shares held in the 401(k) Plan.  Mr. Swain resigned from the Corporation effective August 22, 2018, and the foregoing information is based solely upon information available to the Corporation on August 22, 2018.
(23)        Includes: (i) 2,481,259 Class A Shares; (ii) 74,766 Class A Shares held in the 401(k) Plan; (iii) 1,366,398 Class A Shares subject to employee and nonemployee director stock options that are either currently exercisable or may become exercisable within 60 days of the Record Date; (iv) 3,284,414 Class A Shares held in partnerships; (v) 238,435,208 Class A Shares issuable upon conversion of Class B Shares; (vi) 69,545 Class A Shares held in the name of, or in trust for, children and other family members; and (vii) 2,193,632 Class A Shares held by charitable foundations.  Class A Shares and Class B Shares beneficially owned by both Mr. and Mrs. Ergen are only included once in calculating the aggregate number of shares owned by directors and executive officers as a group.
Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance
Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our directors, executive officers and holders of more than 10% of our common stock to file reports with the SEC regarding their ownership and changes in ownership of our equity securities.  We believe that during 2018, our directors, executive officers, and 10% shareholders complied with all Section 16(a) filing requirements.  In making these statements, we have relied upon examination of copies of Forms 3, 4, and 5 provided to us and the written representations of our directors and officers. COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
This Compensation Discussion and Analysis addresses our compensation objectives and policies for our Named Executive Officers, or NEOs, the elements of NEO compensation and the application of those objectives and policies to each element of fiscal 2018 compensation for our NEOs.  Our NEOs in 2018 were W. Erik Carlson, Thomas A. Cullen, Charles W. Ergen, John W. Swieringa, Paul W. Orban and Steven E. Swain.
This Compensation Discussion and Analysis contains information regarding company performance targets and goals for our executive compensation program. These targets and goals were disclosed to provide information on how executive compensation was determined in 2018 but are not intended to be estimates of future results or other forward-looking guidance.  We caution investors against using these targets and goals outside of the context of their use in our executive compensation program as described herein.
Overall Compensation Program Objectives and Policies
Compensation Philosophy
DISH Network's executive compensation program is guided by the following key principles:
· Attraction, retention, and motivation of executive officers over the long-term;
· Recognition of individual performance;
· Recognition of the achievement of company-wide performance goals; and
· Creation of shareholder value by aligning the interests of management and DISH Network's shareholders through equity incentives.
General Compensation Levels
The total direct compensation opportunities, both base salaries and long-term incentives, offered to DISH Network's NEOs have been designed to ensure that they are competitive in the market, support DISH Network's executive recruitment and retention objectives, reward individual and company-wide performance, and contribute to DISH Network's long-term success by aligning the interests of its executive officers and shareholders.
The Compensation Committee, without Mr. Ergen present, determines Mr. Ergen's compensation. Mr. Ergen recommends to the Board of Directors, but the Board of Directors ultimately approves, the base compensation of DISH Network's other NEOs.  The Compensation Committee has made and approved grants of options and other equity-based compensation to DISH Network's NEOs, and established in writing performance goals for any performance-based compensation that together with other compensation to any of DISH Network's NEOs could exceed $1 million annually. The Compensation Committee has also certified achievement of those performance goals prior to payment of performance-based compensation.
In determining the actual amount of each NEO's compensation, the Corporation considers, among other things, the following factors: (i) the information described in "Compilation of Certain Proxy Data" below; (ii) subjective performance evaluations of the individual's performance (after reviewing Mr. Ergen's recommendations with respect to the NEOs other than himself); (iii) the individual's success in achieving individual and company-wide goals; (iv) whether the performance goals of any short-term or long-term incentive plans were met and the payouts that would become payable upon achievement of those performance goals; (v) equity awards previously granted to the individual; and (vi) equity awards that would be normally granted upon a promotion in accordance with DISH Network's policies for promotions.  The Corporation also considers the extent to which individual extraordinary efforts of each of DISH Network's NEOs resulted in tangible increases in corporate, division, or department success when setting base cash salaries and short term incentive compensation. Furthermore, the Compensation Committee also makes a subjective determination as to whether an increase should be made to Mr. Ergen's compensation based on its evaluation of Mr. Ergen's contribution to the success of DISH Network, whether the performance goals of any short-term or long-term incentive plans were met, the respective payouts that would become payable to Mr. Ergen upon achievement of those performance goals, and the respective options and other stock awards currently held by Mr. Ergen and whether such awards are sufficient to retain Mr. Ergen.
This approach to general compensation levels is not formulaic and the weight given to any particular factor in determining a particular NEO's compensation depends on the subjective consideration of all factors described above in the aggregate.
With respect to incentive compensation, DISH Network attempts to ensure that each NEO has equity incentives at any given time that are significant in relation to such individual's annual cash compensation to ensure that each of DISH Network's NEOs has appropriate incentives tied to the performance of DISH Network's Class A Shares. Therefore, DISH Network may grant more equity incentives to one particular NEO in a given year if a substantial portion of the NEO's equity incentives are vested and the underlying stock is capable of being sold. In addition, if an NEO recently received a substantial amount of equity incentives, DISH Network may not grant any equity incentives to that particular NEO.
Compilation of Certain Proxy Data
In connection with the approval process for DISH Network's executive officer compensation, the Board of Directors and the Compensation Committee had management prepare a compilation of the compensation components for the NEOs of companies selected by the Compensation Committee, as disclosed in their respective publicly-filed proxy statements (the "Proxy Data"). These surveyed companies included: AT&T Inc.; Comcast Corporation; Charter Communications, Inc.; Liberty Global, Inc.; Verizon Communications Inc.; T-Mobile US Inc.; Sprint Corporation; CenturyLink, Inc.; and Netflix, Inc.  The Proxy Data, along with other information obtained by members of the Compensation Committee from media reports, such as newspaper or magazine articles or other generally available sources related to executive compensation, and from corporate director events attended by members of the Compensation Committee, is used solely as a subjective frame of reference, rather than a basis for benchmarking compensation for DISH Network's NEOs.  We do not utilize a formulaic or standard, formalized benchmarking level or element in tying or otherwise setting DISH Network's executive compensation to that of other companies.  Generally, DISH Network's overall compensation lags behind competitors in the area of base pay, severance packages, and short-term incentives but is intended to be competitive over time in equity compensation.  If DISH Network's stock performance substantially outperforms similar companies, executive compensation at DISH Network could exceed that at similar companies.  Barring significant increases in the stock price, however, DISH Network's compensation levels generally lag its peers.
Deductibility of Compensation
Section 162(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code (the "Code") places a limit on the tax deductibility of compensation in excess of $1 million paid to certain "covered employees" of a publicly held corporation (generally, the corporation's principal executive officer, principal financial officer and its next three most highly compensated executive officers in the year that the compensation is paid).  Prior to the adoption of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the "Tax Reform"), this limitation only applied to compensation that was not considered performance-based under the Section 162(m) rules.  The Tax Reform repealed this exception for performance-based compensation.  We generally structure our compensation programs, where feasible, to minimize or eliminate the impact of the limitations of Section 162(m) of the Code when we believe such payments are appropriate, after taking into consideration changing business conditions or the officer's performance. However, nondeductible compensation in excess of this limitation may be paid. Use of Compensation Consultants
No compensation consultants were retained by the Corporation, the Board of Directors or the Compensation Committee to either evaluate or recommend the setting of executive compensation during the past fiscal year.
Implementation of Executive Compensation Program Objectives and Policies
Weighting and Selection of Elements of Compensation
As described in "General Compensation Levels" above, we have not in the past assigned specific weights to any factors considered in determining compensation, and none of the factors are more dispositive than others.
Elements of Executive Compensation
The primary components of DISH Network's executive compensation program have included:
· base cash salary;
· short-term incentive compensation, including conditional and/or performance-based cash incentive compensation and discretionary bonuses;
· long-term equity incentive compensation in the form of stock options and restricted stock units offered under DISH Network's stock incentive plans;
· 401(k) plan; and
· other compensation, including perquisites and personal benefits and post-termination compensation.
These elements combine to promote the objectives and policies described above.  Base salary, 401(k) benefits and other benefits and perquisites provided generally to DISH Network employees provide a minimum level of compensation for our NEOs.  Short-term incentives reward individual performance and achievement of annual goals important to DISH Network. Long-term equity-incentive compensation aligns NEO compensation directly with the creation of long-term shareholder value and promotes retention.
DISH Network has not required that a certain percentage of an executive's compensation be provided in one form versus another.  However, our goal is to award compensation that is reasonable in relation to DISH Network's compensation program and objectives when all elements of potential compensation are considered.  Each element of DISH Network's historical executive compensation and the rationale for each element is described below.
Base Cash Salary
DISH Network has traditionally included salary in its executive compensation package under the belief that it is appropriate that some portion of the compensation paid to its executives be provided in a form that is fixed and liquid occurring over regular intervals. Generally, for the reasons discussed in "Long-Term Equity Incentive Compensation," DISH Network has weighted overall compensation towards equity components as opposed to base salaries. The Board of Directors has traditionally been free to set base salary at any level deemed appropriate, with the Compensation Committee setting the base salary of the Chairman.  The Compensation Committee and the Board of Directors typically review base salaries once annually.   Any increases or decreases in base salary on a year-over-year basis have usually been dependent on a combination of the following factors, as assessed by the Compensation Committee and/or the Board of Directors, as applicable:
· DISH Network's overall financial and business performance;
· the performance of the NEO's business unit;
· the NEO's individual contributions to DISH Network; and
· the rate of DISH Network's standard annual merit increase for employees who are performing at a satisfactory level. Short-Term Incentive Compensation
This compensation program, if implemented for a particular year, generally provides for a bonus that is linked to annual performance as determined by the Compensation Committee at the beginning of each fiscal year when it establishes the short-term incentive plan for that year.  The objective of the short-term incentive plan is to compensate NEOs in significant part based on the achievement of specific annual goals that the Compensation Committee believes will create an incentive to maximize long-term shareholder value.  This compensation program also permits short-term incentive compensation to be awarded in the form of discretionary cash bonuses based on individual performance during the year.
During 2018, we elected not to implement a short-term incentive program.  The decision not to implement a short-term incentive program during 2018 was made based upon, among other things, the adoption of the 2019 Long Term Incentive Plan, or 2019 LTIP, discussed below.  While the Compensation Committee did not implement a short-term incentive program during 2018, the Compensation Committee previously granted certain short-term performance-based awards to Mr. Carlson and Mr. Swieringa, discussed below.
Long-Term Equity Incentive Compensation
DISH Network has traditionally operated under the belief that executive officers will be better able to contribute to its long-term success and help build incremental shareholder value if they have a stake in that future success and value. DISH Network believes this stake focuses the executive officers' attention on managing DISH Network as owners with equity positions in DISH Network and aligns their interests with the long-term interests of DISH Network's shareholders. Equity awards therefore have represented an important and significant component of DISH Network's compensation program for executive officers. DISH Network has attempted to create general incentives with its standard stock option grants and conditional incentives through conditional awards that may include payouts in cash or equity.
General Equity Incentives
With respect to equity incentive compensation, DISH Network attempts to ensure that each NEO has equity incentives at any given time that are significant in relation to such individual's annual cash compensation to ensure that each of DISH Network's NEOs has appropriate incentives tied to the performance of DISH Network's Class A Shares. Therefore, DISH Network may grant more equity incentives to one particular NEO in a given year if a substantial portion of the NEO's equity incentives are vested and the underlying stock is capable of being sold. In addition, if a NEO recently received a substantial amount of equity incentives, DISH Network may not grant any equity incentives to that particular NEO.  In particular, in granting awards for 2018, the Compensation Committee took into account, among other things, the amount necessary to retain our executive officers and that our executive officers had been granted equity incentives under the 2013 LTIP, the 2017 LTIP and the adoption of the 2019 LTIP, discussed below.
In granting equity incentive compensation, the Compensation Committee also takes into account whether the NEO has been promoted in determining whether to award equity awards to that individual.  Finally, from time to time, the Compensation Committee may award one-time equity awards based on a number of subjective criteria, including the NEO's position and role in DISH Network's success and whether the NEO made any exceptional contributions to DISH Network's success.
To aid in our retention of employees, options granted under DISH Network's stock incentive plans generally vest at the rate of 20% per year and have exercise prices not less than the fair market value of DISH Network's Class A Shares on the date of grant or the last trading day prior to the date of grant (if the date of grant is not a trading day). Other than performance-based awards, including awards granted under the 2013 LTIP, the 2017 LTIP and the 2019 LTIP, DISH Network's standard form of option agreement given to executive officers has included acceleration of vesting upon a change in control of DISH Network for those executive officers that are terminated by DISH Network or the surviving entity, as applicable, for any reason other than for cause during the twenty-four month period following such change in control.
The principal provisions of our equity incentive plans, and certain material equity incentive grants under such plans, are summarized below. This summary and the features of these equity incentive plans and grants set forth below do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the provisions of the specific equity incentive plan or grant. Practices Regarding Grant of Equity Incentives
Prior to 2013, DISH Network generally awarded equity incentives as of the last day of each calendar quarter and set exercise prices at not less than the fair market value of Class A Shares on the date of grant or the last trading day prior to the date of grant (if the last day of the calendar quarter was not a trading day).  Beginning April 1, 2013, DISH Network generally awards equity incentives as of the first day of each calendar quarter and will set exercise prices at not less than the fair market value of Class A Shares on the date of grant or the last trading day prior to the date of grant (if the date of grant is not a trading day).
2009 Stock Incentive Plan
We have adopted an employee stock incentive plan, which we refer to as the 2009 Stock Incentive Plan. The purpose of the 2009 Stock Incentive Plan is to provide incentives to attract and retain executive officers and other key employees. Awards available to be granted under the 2009 Stock Incentive Plan include: (i) stock options; (ii) stock appreciation rights; (iii) restricted stock and restricted stock units; (iv) performance awards; (v) dividend equivalents; and (vi) other stock-based awards.  The 2009 Stock Incentive Plan expires on May 11, 2019.  After its expiration, we will no longer be authorized to grant new equity awards under the 2009 Stock Incentive Plan.
2019 Stock Incentive Plan
Our Board adopted an employee stock incentive plan, subject to shareholder approval at our 2019 Annual Meeting.  We refer to this plan as the 2019 Stock Incentive Plan. Our Board has recommended that our shareholders approve our 2019 Stock Incentive Plan.  The purpose of the 2019 Stock Incentive Plan is to allow us to grant new equity awards after the 2009 Stock Incentive Plan expires on May 11, 2019.  The 2019 Stock Incentive Plan will allow the Corporation to continue to provide incentives to attract and retain executive officers and other key employees. Assuming that the 2019 Stock Incentive Plan is approved at the 2019 Annual Meeting, awards available to be granted under the 2019 Stock Incentive Plan include: (i) stock options; (ii) stock appreciation rights; (iii) restricted stock and restricted stock units; (iv) performance awards; (v) dividend equivalents; and (vi) other stock-based awards.
Class B Chairman Stock Option Plan
We have adopted a Class B Chairman stock option plan, which we refer to as the 2002 Class B Chairman Stock Option Plan. The purpose of the 2002 Class B Chairman Stock Option Plan is to promote the interests of DISH Network and its subsidiaries by aiding in the retention of Charles W. Ergen, the Chairman of DISH Network, who our Board of Directors believes is crucial to assuring our future success, to offer Mr. Ergen incentives to put forth maximum efforts for our future success and to afford Mr. Ergen an opportunity to acquire additional proprietary interests in DISH Network.  Mr. Ergen abstained from our Board of Directors' vote on this matter.  Awards available to be granted under the 2002 Class B Chairman Stock Option Plan include nonqualified stock options and dividend equivalent rights with respect to DISH Network's Class B Shares.
Employee Stock Purchase Plan
We have adopted an employee stock purchase plan, which we refer to as our ESPP. The purpose of the ESPP is to provide our eligible employees with an opportunity to acquire a proprietary interest in us by the purchase of our Class A Shares. All full-time employees who are employed by DISH Network for at least one calendar quarter are eligible to participate in the ESPP. Employee stock purchases are made through payroll deductions. Under the terms of the ESPP, employees are not permitted to deduct an amount that would permit such employee to purchase our capital stock in an amount that exceeds $25,000 in fair market value of capital stock in any one year. The ESPP is intended to qualify under Section 423 of the Code and thereby provide participating employees with an opportunity to receive certain favorable income tax consequences as to stock purchased under the ESPP. 2010 Equity Incentive to Mr. Cullen
During 2010, based on Mr. Ergen's subjective evaluation of Mr. Cullen's contributions to the Corporation's performance and to align his interests with the long-term interests of DISH Network's shareholders, Mr. Ergen recommended, and the Compensation Committee agreed, to grant Mr. Cullen 200,000 restricted stock units (RSUs) and an option to purchase 600,000 of the Corporation's Class A Shares, with such awards vesting incrementally before June 30, 2020 according to the following vesting schedules.
Fifty percent (50%) of the option and RSU awards granted to Mr. Cullen vest based upon achieving the following specified cumulative free cash flow goals while achieving and maintaining a minimum threshold of 15,250,000 total net subscribers:
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Cumulative Free     Cash Flow Goals       Number of     Options Vesting       Number of RSUs    Vesting      
 $   250 million       15,000       5,000      
 $   500 million       15,000       5,000      
 $   750 million       15,000       5,000      
 $   1 billion       15,000       5,000      
 $   1.25 billion       15,000       5,000      
 $   1.5 billion       15,000       5,000      
 $   1.75 billion       15,000       5,000      
 $   2 billion       15,000       5,000      
 $   2.25 billion       15,000       5,000      
 $   2.5 billion       15,000       5,000      
 $   2.75 billion       15,000       5,000      
 $   3 billion       15,000       5,000      
 $   3.25 billion       15,000       5,000      
 $   3.5 billion       15,000       5,000      
 $   3.75 billion       15,000       5,000      
 $   4 billion       15,000       5,000      
 $   4.25 billion       15,000       5,000      
 $   4.5 billion       15,000       5,000      
 $   4.75 billion       15,000       5,000      
 $   5 billion       15,000       5,000      
[END TABLE]
In the event that the total net subscriber threshold is met and a cumulative free cash flow goal is achieved as of the last day of a given calendar quarter: (i) the applicable cumulative free cash flow goal(s) will be retired; and (ii) the corresponding increment(s) of the option or RSU awards will vest and shall become exercisable contemporaneously with the filing of the Corporation's financial results for that quarter or year, as applicable, with the SEC. The other fifty percent (50%) of the option and RSU awards granted to Mr. Cullen vest based upon achieving the following specified total net subscriber goals while achieving and maintaining the specified cumulative free cash flow goal:
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Cumulative Free     Cash Flow Goals       Total Net     Subscriber Goals       Number of     Options Vesting       Number of RSUs     Vesting      
 $   250 million       15,250,000       15,000       5,000      
 $   500 million       15,500,000       15,000       5,000      
 $   750 million       15,750,000       15,000       5,000      
 $   1 billion       16,000,000       15,000       5,000      
 $   1.25 billion       16,250,000       15,000       5,000      
 $   1.5 billion       16,500,000       15,000       5,000      
 $   1.75 billion       16,750,000       15,000       5,000      
 $   2 billion       17,000,000       15,000       5,000      
 $   2.25 billion       17,250,000       15,000       5,000      
 $   2.5 billion       17,500,000       15,000       5,000      
 $   2.75 billion       17,750,000       15,000       5,000      
 $   3 billion       18,000,000       15,000       5,000      
 $   3.25 billion       18,250,000       15,000       5,000      
 $   3.5 billion       18,500,000       15,000       5,000      
 $   3.75 billion       18,750,000       15,000       5,000      
 $   4 billion       19,000,000       15,000       5,000      
 $   4.25 billion       19,250,000       15,000       5,000      
 $   4.5 billion       19,500,000       15,000       5,000      
 $   4.75 billion       19,750,000       15,000       5,000      
 $   5 billion       20,000,000       15,000       5,000      
[END TABLE]
In the event that the cumulative free cash flow goal is met (or has already been retired and continues to be met) and a total net subscriber goal is achieved as of the last day of any such calendar quarter: (i) the applicable total net subscriber goal(s) will be retired; and (ii) the corresponding increment of the option or RSU awards will vest and shall become exercisable contemporaneously with the filing of the Corporation's financial results for that quarter or year, as applicable, with the SEC.
For purposes of the total net subscriber goal and total net subscriber threshold under this equity incentive award, the calculation of "subscribers" is a formula that takes into account, among other things, Pay-TV subscribers, broadband subscribers and wireless subscribers (including, without limitation, the applicable characteristics of such subscribers).  In addition, for purposes of the cumulative free cash flow goals under this equity incentive award, the calculation of "cumulative free cash flow" is a formula that takes into account, among other things, free cash flow as set forth in the Corporation's financial results for that quarter or year, as applicable, filed with the SEC.  The Compensation Committee has final authority to, among other things, interpret, and calculate any and all aspects of this equity incentive award, including vesting and all other aspects of calculating the achievement of the goals under this equity incentive award.
2011 Equity Incentives to Mr. Ergen
During 2011, the Compensation Committee determined that Mr. Ergen should receive a grant of options to purchase 1,200,000 of the Corporation's Class A Shares, with such award vesting incrementally before June 30, 2021, according to the following vesting schedules. As determined by the Compensation Committee, fifty percent (50%) of the option awards granted to Mr. Ergen vest based upon achieving the following specified cumulative free cash flow goals while achieving and maintaining a minimum threshold of 14,250,000 total net subscribers:
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Cumulative Free     Cash Flow Goal       Vesting Schedule      
 $   250 million       30,000      
 $   500 million       30,000      
 $   750 million       30,000      
 $   1 billion       30,000      
 $   1.25 billion       30,000      
 $   1.5 billion       30,000      
 $   1.75 billion       30,000      
 $   2 billion       30,000      
 $   2.25 billion       30,000      
 $   2.5 billion       30,000      
 $   2.75 billion       30,000      
 $   3 billion       30,000      
 $   3.25 billion       30,000      
 $   3.5 billion       30,000      
 $   3.75 billion       30,000      
 $   4 billion       30,000      
 $   4.25 billion       30,000      
 $   4.5 billion       30,000      
 $   4.75 billion       30,000      
 $   5 billion       30,000      
[END TABLE]
In the event that the total net subscriber threshold is met and a cumulative free cash flow goal is achieved as of the last day of a given calendar quarter, as determined by the Compensation Committee: (i) the applicable cumulative free cash flow goal(s) will be retired; and (ii) the corresponding increment of the option will vest and shall become exercisable contemporaneously with the filing of the Corporation's financial results for that quarter or year, as applicable, with the SEC.  During 2013, we achieved the cumulative free cash flow goal of $2.5 billion while achieving and maintaining a minimum threshold of 14,250,000 total net subscribers, resulting in the vesting of 300,000 stock options during 2013, as determined by the Compensation Committee.  Accordingly, the $250 million, $500 million, $750 million, $1 billion, $1.25 billion, $1.5 billion, $1.75 billion, $2 billion, $2.25 billion, and $2.5 billion cumulative free cash flow goals under the grant were retired. During 2014, we achieved the cumulative free cash flow goal of $3.75 billion while achieving and maintaining a minimum threshold of 14,250,000 total net subscribers, resulting in the vesting of 150,000 stock options during 2014, as determined by the Compensation Committee.  Accordingly, the $2.75 billion, $3 billion, $3.25 billion, $3.5 billion, and $3.75 billion cumulative free cash flow goals under the grant were retired.  During 2015, we achieved the cumulative free cash flow goal of $5.0 billion while achieving and maintaining a minimum threshold of 14,250,000 total net subscribers, resulting in the vesting of 150,000 stock options during 2015, as determined by the Compensation Committee.  Accordingly, all of the remaining cumulative free cash flow goals under the grant were retired during 2015. As determined by the Compensation Committee, the other fifty percent (50%) of the option awards granted to Mr. Ergen vest based upon achieving the following specified total net subscriber goals, while achieving and maintaining the specified cumulative free cash flow goal:
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Cumulative Free     Cash Flow Goal       Total Net     Subscriber Goal       Vesting Schedule      
 $   250 million       14,250,000       30,000      
 $   500 million       14,500,000       30,000      
 $   750 million       14,750,000       30,000      
 $   1 billion       15,000,000       30,000      
 $   1.25 billion       15,250,000       30,000      
 $   1.5 billion       15,500,000       30,000      
 $   1.75 billion       15,750,000       30,000      
 $   2 billion       16,000,000       30,000      
 $   2.25 billion       16,250,000       30,000      
 $   2.5 billion       16,500,000       30,000      
 $   2.75 billion       16,750,000       30,000      
 $   3 billion       17,000,000       30,000      
 $   3.25 billion       17,250,000       30,000      
 $   3.5 billion       17,500,000       30,000      
 $   3.75 billion       17,750,000       30,000      
 $   4 billion       18,000,000       30,000      
 $   4.25 billion       18,250,000       30,000      
 $   4.5 billion       18,500,000       30,000      
 $   4.75 billion       18,750,000       30,000      
 $   5 billion       19,000,000       30,000      
[END TABLE]
In the event that the cumulative free cash flow goal is met (or has already been retired and continues to be met) and a total net subscriber goal is achieved as of the last day of any such calendar quarter, as determined by the Compensation Committee: (i) the applicable total net subscriber goal(s) will be retired; and (ii) the corresponding increment of the option will vest and shall become exercisable contemporaneously with the filing of the Corporation's financial results for that quarter or year, as applicable, with the SEC.  During 2013, we achieved the total net subscriber goal of 14,250,000 while achieving and maintaining the cumulative free cash flow goal of at least $250 million, resulting in the vesting of 30,000 stock options during 2013, as determined by the Compensation Committee.  Accordingly, the total net subscriber goal of 14,250,000 under the grant was retired.  During 2014, we achieved the total net subscriber goal of 14,500,000 while achieving and maintaining the cumulative free cash flow goal of at least $500 million, resulting in the vesting of 30,000 stock options during 2014, as determined by the Compensation Committee.  Accordingly, the total net subscriber goal of 14,500,000 under the grant was retired.  During 2016, 2017 and 2018, none of the total net subscriber goals under this grant were achieved.
For purposes of the total net subscriber goal and total net subscriber threshold under this equity incentive award, the calculation of "subscribers" is a formula that takes into account, among other things, Pay-TV subscribers, broadband subscribers and wireless subscribers (including, without limitation, the applicable characteristics of such subscribers).  In addition, for purposes of the cumulative free cash flow goals under this equity incentive award, the calculation of "cumulative free cash flow" is a formula that takes into account, among other things, free cash flow as set forth in the Corporation's financial results for that quarter or year, as applicable, filed with the SEC.  The Compensation Committee has final authority to, among other things, interpret, and calculate any and all aspects of this equity incentive award, including vesting and all other aspects of calculating the achievement of the goals under this equity incentive award. 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan
On November 30, 2012, the Board of Directors and the Compensation Committee approved a long-term, performance-based stock incentive plan, the 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan, or 2013 LTIP, within the terms of DISH Network's 2009 Stock Incentive Plan. The purpose of the 2013 LTIP is to promote DISH Network's interests and the interests of its shareholders by providing key employees with financial rewards through equity participation upon achievement of specified long-term cumulative free cash flow goals while achieving and maintaining a specified long-term subscriber threshold and total net subscriber goals.  The employees eligible to participate in the 2013 LTIP generally include DISH Network's executive officers, senior vice presidents, vice presidents and director-level employees. Employees participating in the 2013 LTIP received a one-time award of: (i) an option to acquire a specified number of shares priced at the market value as of the first day of the calendar quarter in which the option was granted or the last trading day prior to the date of grant (if the first day of the calendar quarter is not a trading day) and (ii) rights to acquire for no additional consideration a specified smaller number of Class A Shares. Initial awards granted under the 2013 LTIP were made as of January 1, 2013.  Under the 2013 LTIP, the cumulative free cash flow goals and the total net subscriber threshold are measured on the last day of each calendar quarter.  The cumulative free cash flow goals commenced April 1, 2013.  The total net subscriber goals are measured on the last day of each calendar quarter commencing on January 1, 2013.  For purposes of the total net subscriber goal and total net subscriber threshold under the 2013 LTIP, the calculation of "subscribers" is a formula that takes into account, among other things, Pay-TV subscribers and broadband subscribers (including, without limitation, the applicable characteristics of such subscribers).  In addition, for purposes of the cumulative free cash flow goals under the 2013 LTIP, the calculation of "cumulative free cash flow" is a formula that takes into account, among other things, free cash flow as set forth in the Corporation's financial results for that quarter or year, as applicable, filed with the SEC, but excluding free cash flows from the wireless line of business.  The Compensation Committee has final authority to, among other things, interpret and calculate any and all aspects of the 2013 LTIP, including vesting and all other aspects of calculating the achievement of the goals under the 2013 LTIP.  As of July 2016, we no longer grant new awards under the 2013 LTIP.
In the event that a cumulative free cash flow goal and/or total net subscriber goal is achieved, and the total net subscriber threshold is met, as of the last day of any such calendar quarter, as determined by the Compensation Committee: (i) the applicable cumulative free cash flow goal and/or total net subscriber goal will be retired; and (ii) the corresponding increment of the option/restricted stock unit will vest and shall become exercisable contemporaneously with filing of the Corporation's financial results for that quarter or year, as applicable, with the SEC, in accordance with the following vesting schedules:
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Cumulative Free     Cash Flow Goal       Total Net Subscriber     Threshold       Vesting Schedule      
 $   1 billion       14.5 million       10%  
 $   2 billion       14.5 million       10%  
 $   3 billion       14.5 million       10%  
 $   4 billion       14.5 million       10%  
 $   5 billion       14.5 million       10%  
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Total Net Subscriber     Goal       Vesting Schedule      
 14.5 million       10%  
 14.75 million       10%  
 15 million       10%  
 15.25 million       10%  
 15.5 million       10%  
[END TABLE]
 Employees who were granted equity awards after April 1, 2014 under the 2013 LTIP received: (i) an option to acquire a reduced number of Class A Shares; and (ii) rights to acquire for no additional consideration a reduced number of Class A Shares, relative to the amounts that were granted to employees at the same level prior to April 1, 2014.  Such awards are subject to a vesting schedule that varies based upon the date on which such awards were granted.
Messrs. Ergen, Carlson and Cullen were each granted an option to purchase 60,000 Class A Shares and 30,000 RSUs under the 2013 LTIP on January 1, 2013.  Mr. Swieringa was granted an option to purchase 15,000 Class A Shares and 7,500 RSUs under the 2013 LTIP on January 1, 2013.  Mr. Swieringa was granted an additional option to purchase 15,000 Class A Shares and 7,500 RSUs under the 2013 LTIP on April 1, 2014, as a result of his promotion to Chief Information Officer in March 2014.  Finally, Mr. Swieringa was granted an additional option to purchase 15,000 Class A Shares and 7,500 RSUs under the 2013 LTIP on January 1, 2016, as a result of his promotion to Executive Vice President, Operations in December 2015.  Mr. Orban was granted an option to purchase 30,000 Class A Shares and 15,000 RSUs under the 2013 LTIP on January 1, 2013.
During 2013, none of the goals under the 2013 LTIP were achieved.  During 2014, we achieved the cumulative free cash flow goal of $1 billion while achieving and maintaining a minimum threshold of 14.5 million total net subscribers, which resulted in the cumulative vesting of 10% of the 2013 LTIP stock awards during 2014, as determined by the Compensation Committee.  Accordingly, the $1 billion cumulative free cash flow goal under the 2013 LTIP was retired. In addition, during 2014, we achieved the 14.5 million total net subscriber goal, which resulted in the cumulative vesting of 10% of the 2013 LTIP stock awards during 2014, as determined by the Compensation Committee.  Accordingly, the 14.5 million total net subscriber goal under the 2013 LTIP was retired.  During 2016, 2017 and 2018, none of the goals under the 2013 LTIP were achieved.
2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan
On December 2, 2016, the Board of Directors and the Compensation Committee approved a long-term, performance-based stock incentive plan, the 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan, or 2017 LTIP, within the terms of DISH Network's 2009 Stock Incentive Plan.  The purpose of the 2017 LTIP is to promote DISH Network's interests and the interests of its shareholders by providing key employees with financial rewards through equity participation upon achievement of specified long-term cumulative free cash flow goals (while achieving and maintaining a specified long-term subscriber threshold) and total net subscriber goals.  The employees eligible to participate in the 2017 LTIP generally include DISH Network's executive officers, senior vice presidents, vice presidents and director-level employees.  Employees participating in the 2017 LTIP receive a one-time award of an option to acquire a specified number of shares priced at the market value as of the first day of the calendar quarter in which the option was granted or the last trading day prior to the date of grant (if the first day of the calendar quarter is not a trading day).  Initial awards granted under the 2017 LTIP were made as of January 1, 2017.  Under the 2017 LTIP, the cumulative free cash flow goals, total net subscriber threshold and total net subscriber goals are measured on the last day of each calendar quarter commencing on January 1, 2017.  For purposes of the total net subscriber goal and total net subscriber threshold under the 2017 LTIP, the calculation of "subscribers" is a formula that takes into account, among other things, Pay-TV subscribers and broadband subscribers (including, without limitation, the applicable characteristics of such subscribers).  In addition, for purposes of the cumulative free cash flow goals under the 2017 LTIP, the calculation of "cumulative free cash flow" is a formula that takes into account, among other things, free cash flow as set forth in the Corporation's financial results for that quarter or year, as applicable, filed with the SEC, subject to certain exclusions.  The Compensation Committee has final authority to, among other things, interpret and calculate any and all aspects of the 2017 LTIP, including vesting and all other aspects of calculating the achievement of the goals under the 2017 LTIP. In the event that a cumulative free cash flow goal is achieved (and the total net subscriber threshold is met) or a total net subscriber goal is achieved as of the last day of any such calendar quarter, as determined by the Compensation Committee: (i) the applicable cumulative free cash flow goal and/or total net subscriber goal will be retired; and (ii) the corresponding increment of the option will vest and shall become exercisable contemporaneously with filing of the Corporation's financial results for that quarter or year, as applicable, with the SEC, in accordance with the following vesting schedules:
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Cumulative Free    Cash Flow Goal       Total Net Subscriber    Threshold       Vesting Schedule      
 $   1 billion       14.0 million       12.5%  
 $   2 billion       14.0 million       12.5%  
 $   3 billion       14.0 million       12.5%  
 $   4 billion       14.0 million       12.5%  
 $   4.5 billion       14.0 million       12.5%  
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Total Net Subscriber    Goal       Vesting Schedule      
 14.5 million       12.5%  
 15 million       12.5%  
 15.5 million       12.5%  
[END TABLE]
Employees who are granted equity awards after March 31, 2017 under the 2017 LTIP will be eligible to receive an option to acquire a reduced number of Class A Shares, relative to the amounts that were granted to employees at the same level prior to March 31, 2017.  Such awards are subject to a vesting schedule that varies based upon the date on which such awards were granted.  During 2017 and 2018, none of the goals under the 2017 LTIP were achieved.
Messrs. Carlson, Cullen, Ergen, and Swieringa were each granted an option to purchase 60,000 Class A Shares under the 2017 LTIP on January 1, 2017.  Mr. Orban was granted an option to purchase 30,000 Class A Shares under the 2017 LTIP on January 1, 2017.
2019 Long-Term Incentive Plan
On August 17, 2018, the Board of Directors and the Compensation Committee approved a long-term, performance-based stock incentive plan, the 2019 Long-Term Incentive Plan, or 2019 LTIP, within the terms of DISH Network's 2009 Stock Incentive Plan.  The purpose of the 2019 LTIP is to promote DISH Network's interests and the interests of its shareholders by providing key employees with financial rewards through equity participation upon achievement of specified long-term goals.  The employees eligible to participate in the 2019 LTIP generally include DISH Network's executive officers, senior vice presidents, vice presidents and director-level employees.  Employees participating in the 2019 LTIP receive a one-time award of an option to acquire a specified number of shares priced at the market value as of the first day of the calendar quarter in which the option was granted or, if the first day of the calendar quarter is not a trading day, the last trading day prior to the date of grant. Initial awards granted under the 2019 LTIP were made as of October 1, 2018.
Under the 2019 LTIP: (i) the net Pay-TV subscriber growth goals, top-line revenue growth goals, top award for customer service and/or satisfaction goals, and annual average employee survey score goals are measured at the end of each calendar year during the period between and including January 1, 2019 and December 31, 2023; and (ii) the wireless buildout and revenue goal, Smart Home Services and fulfillment third-party revenue goals, and cumulative free cash flow goals are measured at the end of each calendar quarter during the period between and including October 1, 2018 and December 31, 2023. In the event that a goal under the 2019 LTIP is achieved as of the last day of any calendar quarter or year, as applicable: (i) the applicable goal will be retired; and (ii) the corresponding increment of the options will vest and become exercisable contemporaneously with filing of the Corporation's financial results for that quarter or year, as applicable, with the SEC, in accordance with the following vesting schedules; provided, however, that although the potential goal achievements add up to one hundred twenty percent (120%), only one hundred percent (100%) of the option award may vest:
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Cumulative Free    Cash Flow Goal       Vesting Schedule      
 $   1 billion       8%  
 $   2 billion       8%  
 $   3 billion       8%  
 $   4 billion       8%  
 $   5 billion       8%  
[END TABLE]
The Cumulative Free Cash Flow Goals will be achieved if the Corporation achieves the respective amounts of cumulative free cash flow above during the measurement period, which calculation of "cumulative free cash flow" is a formula that takes into account, among other things, free cash flow as set forth in the Corporation's Form 10-K, Form 10-Q, or Form 8-K for that quarter or year, as applicable, filed with the SEC, subject to certain exclusions.
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Smart Home Services and     Fulfillment Third-Party     Revenue Goal       Vesting Schedule      
 $   100 million       2%  
 $   200 million       2%  
 $   300 million       2%  
 $   400 million       2%  
 $   500 million       2%  
[END TABLE]
The Smart Home Services and Fulfillment Third-Party Revenue Growth Goals will be achieved if the Corporation achieves the respective amounts of revenue above from the Corporation's Smart Home Services and third-party fulfillment businesses during the measurement period.
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Top Award for Customer     Service and/or Satisfaction     Goal       Vesting Schedule      
 2019       2%  
 2020       2%  
 2021       2%  
 2022       2%  
 2023       2%  
[END TABLE]
The Top Award for Customer Service and/or Satisfaction Goal will be achieved if DISH and/or Sling win four (4) or more qualifying customer service and/or satisfaction awards in a calendar year during the measurement period.
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Annual Average Employee     Survey Goal       Vesting Schedule      
 2019       2%  
 2020       2%  
 2021       2%  
 2022       2%  
 2023       2%  
[END TABLE]
 The Annual Average Employee Survey Goal will be achieved if the Corporation receives a certain average employee satisfaction score across all surveys provided to employees in a calendar year during the measurement period.
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Wireless Buildout and     Revenue Goal       Vesting Schedule      
 Certain Buildout and Revenue Milestones       10%  
[END TABLE]
The Wireless Buildout and Revenue Goal will be achieved if the Corporation meets certain buildout and revenue milestones related to its wireless business.
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Net Pay-TV Subscriber    Growth Goal       Vesting Schedule      
 2019       4%  
 2020       4%  
 2021       4%  
 2022       4%  
 2023       4%  
[END TABLE]
The Net Pay-TV Subscriber Growth Goal will be achieved if the number of total Pay-TV subscribers at the end of a given year is higher than the number of total Pay-TV subscribers at the end of the immediately preceding year, as measured by the net Pay-TV subscriber additions announced in the Company's Form 10-K or 8-K filed with the SEC announcing annual financial results for each calendar year during the measurement period.
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Top-Line Revenue Growth     Goal       Vesting Schedule      
 2019       4%  
 2020       4%  
 2021       4%  
 2022       4%  
 2023       4%  
[END TABLE]
The Top-line Revenue Growth Goal will be achieved if total revenue in a given year that is higher than the total revenue in the immediately preceding year, as measured by the total revenue announced in the Corporation's Form 10-K or 8-K filed with the SEC announcing annual financial results for each calendar year during the measurement period.
The Compensation Committee has final authority to, among other things, interpret and calculate any and all aspects of the 2019 LTIP, including vesting and all other aspects of calculating the achievement of the goals under the 2019 LTIP.
Employees who are granted equity awards after October 1, 2018 under the 2019 LTIP will be eligible to receive an option to acquire a reduced award, relative to the amounts that were granted to employees at the same level on October 1, 2018.  Such awards are subject to a vesting schedule that varies based upon the date on which such awards were granted.
Mr. Carlson was granted an option to purchase 200,000 Class A shares under the 2019 LTIP on October 1, 2018. Messrs. Ergen and Swieringa were each granted an option to purchase 100,000 Class A Shares under the 2019 LTIP on October 1, 2018. Messrs. Cullen and Orban were granted an option to purchase 50,000 Class A Shares under the 2019 LTIP on October 1, 2018. 2017 Cash Incentive to Mr. Carlson
During 2017, the Compensation Committee determined that Mr. Carlson should receive a grant of a performance-based cash award of five hundred thousand dollars ($500,000), with such award vesting based upon the following vesting schedules.
As determined by the Executive Compensation Committee, two hundred fifty thousand dollars ($250,000) of the performance-based cash award granted to Mr. Carlson vests based on achieving certain quarterly earnings goals during 2017 (each a "Quarterly Earnings Goal"), in increments of sixty-two thousand five hundred dollars ($62,500) in each calendar quarter.  The Quarterly Earnings Goals for 2017 were as follows: (i) $793.2 million in the first quarter 2017; (ii) $804.5 million in the second quarter 2017; (iii) $715.2 million in the third quarter 2017; and (iv) $801.8 million in the fourth quarter 2017.
In the event that a Quarterly Earnings Goal was achieved as of the last day of a given calendar quarter, as determined by the Compensation Committee, the corresponding increment(s) of the performance-based cash award vested contemporaneously with the filing of the Corporation's financial results for that quarter or year, as applicable, with the SEC.  Furthermore, in the event that the Corporation achieved an aggregate amount of earnings for 2017 that was greater than or equal to $3.1146 billion (the sum of the above Quarterly Earnings Goals (subject to adjustment based upon certain gross subscriber additions during 2017), the "Total Earnings Goal"), as determined by the Compensation Committee, any unvested increment of the two hundred fifty thousand dollars ($250,000) vested contemporaneously with the filing of the Corporation's financial results for the year ended December 31, 2017, with the SEC.
For purposes of gross subscriber additions, the calculation of "subscribers" is a formula that takes into account, among other things, Pay-TV subscribers.  In addition, for purposes of the Quarterly Earnings Goals and the Total Earnings Goal under this performance-based cash award, the calculation of "earnings" is a formula that takes into account, among other things, EBITDA as set forth in the Corporation's financial results for that quarter or year, as applicable, filed with the SEC.  The Compensation Committee had final authority to, among other things, interpret and calculate any and all aspects of this performance-based cash award, including vesting and all other aspects of calculating the achievement of the goals under this performance-based cash award.
During 2017, we achieved the Quarterly Earnings Goals for the first quarter 2017, the second quarter 2017, and the third quarter 2017, which resulted in the vesting of $187,500 during 2017, as determined by the Compensation Committee.  Accordingly, the Quarterly Earnings Goals for the first quarter 2017, the second quarter 2017, and the third quarter 2017 under this grant were retired.  During 2017, we also achieved the Total Earnings Goal, which resulted in the vesting of the remaining unvested $62,500 during 2018, as determined by the Compensation Committee.  Accordingly, the Quarterly Earnings Goal for the fourth quarter 2017 and the Total Earnings Goal under the performance award were retired.
As determined by the Executive Compensation Committee, two hundred fifty thousand dollars ($250,000) of the performance-based cash award granted to Mr. Carlson vests based on achieving certain quarterly net subscriber additions/losses goals during 2017 (each a "Quarterly Net Subscriber Additions/Losses Goal"), in increments of sixty-two thousand five hundred dollars ($62,500) in each calendar quarter.  The Quarterly Net Subscriber Additions/Losses Goals for 2017 were as follows: (i) (255,981) net subscribers in the first quarter 2017; (ii) (269,037) net subscribers in the second quarter 2017; (iii) (189,362) net subscribers in the third quarter 2017; and (iv) (185,620) net subscribers in the fourth quarter 2017.
In the event that a Quarterly Net Subscriber Additions/Losses Goal was achieved as of the last day of a given calendar quarter, as determined by the Compensation Committee, the corresponding increment(s) of the performance-based cash award vested contemporaneously with the filing of the Corporation's financial results for that quarter or year, as applicable, with the SEC.  Furthermore, in the event that the Corporation achieved an aggregate amount of net subscriber additions/losses for 2017 that was greater than or equal to (900,000) subscribers (the sum of the above Quarterly Net Subscriber Additions/Losses Goals, the "Annual Net Subscriber Additions/Losses Goal"), as determined by the Compensation Committee, any unvested increment of the two hundred and fifty thousand dollars ($250,000) vests contemporaneously with the filing of the Corporation's financial results for the year ended December 31, 2017, with the SEC.  During 2017, we only achieved the Quarterly Net Subscriber Additions/Losses Goals for the fourth quarter 2017, which resulted in the vesting of $62,500 during 2018, as determined by the Compensation Committee.  Accordingly, the Quarterly Subscriber Goals for the first quarter 2017, the second quarter 2017, the third quarter 2017, the fourth quarter 2017, and the Annual Net Subscriber Additions/Losses Goal were retired. For purposes of net subscriber additions/losses, the calculation of "subscribers" is a formula that takes into account, among other things, certain Pay-TV subscribers.  In addition, for purposes of the Quarterly Net Subscriber Additions/Losses Goals and the Annual Net Subscriber Additions/Losses Goal under this performance-based cash award, the calculation of "earnings" is a formula that takes into account, among other things, EBITDA, as set forth in the Corporation's financial results for that quarter or year, as applicable, filed with the SEC.  The Compensation Committee has final authority to, among other things, interpret and calculate any and all aspects of this performance-based cash award, including vesting, and all other aspects of calculating the achievement of the goals under this performance-based cash award.
2016 Cash Incentive to Mr. Swieringa
The Compensation Committee determined that, on January 1, 2016, Mr. Swieringa should receive a grant of performance-based cash award of five-hundred thousand dollars ($500,000), with such award vesting based upon achieving a certain number of total net Internet protocol television ("IPTV") subscribers during the calendar year (each, a "Net IPTV Subscriber Additions Goal").  The Net IPTV Subscriber Goal was to achieve positive net IPTV subscribers during each calendar year, generally vesting in increments of $0.10 per positive net IPTV subscriber in such calendar year.
In the event that a Net IPTV Subscriber Additions Goal is achieved as of the last day of any calendar year during the measurement period, the corresponding dollar amount of the performance-based cash award vested contemporaneously with the filing the Corporation's financial results for that year with the SEC.
For purposes of the Net IPTV Subscriber Goal under this performance-based cash award, the calculation of "total net IPTV subscribers" was a formula that took into account, among other things, subscribers to our Sling TV services.  The Compensation Committee had final authority to, among other things, interpret and calculate any and all aspects of this performance-based cash award, including vesting and all other aspects of calculating the achievement of the goal under this performance-based cash award.
During 2017, we achieved the Net IPTV Subscriber Goal for the year ended December 31, 2017, which resulted in the vesting of approximately $71,000 under this performance-based cash award during 2018, as determined by the Compensation Committee.
Following the payment in 2018, no further payments will be made under this performance-based cash award.
401(k) Plan
DISH Network has adopted the 401(k) Plan, a defined-contribution tax-qualified 401(k) plan, for its employees, including its executives, to encourage its employees to save some percentage of their cash compensation for their eventual retirement. DISH Network's executives participate in the 401(k) Plan on the same terms as DISH Network's other employees. Under the 401(k) Plan, employees generally become eligible for participation in the 401(k) Plan upon completing ninety (90) days of service with DISH Network and reaching age 19.  401(k) Plan participants are able to contribute up to 50% of their compensation in each contribution period, subject to the maximum deductible limit provided by the Code.  DISH Network may also make a 50% matching employer contribution up to a maximum of $2,500 per participant per calendar year. In addition, DISH Network may also make an annual discretionary profit sharing contribution to the 401(k) Plan with the approval of its Compensation Committee and Board of Directors.  401(k) Plan participants are immediately vested in their voluntary contributions and earnings on voluntary contributions.  DISH Network's matching employer contributions and any annual discretionary profit sharing contributions to 401(k) Plan participants' accounts vest 20% per year commencing one year from the employee's date of employment.
Perquisites and Personal Benefits, Post-Termination Compensation and Other Compensation
DISH Network has traditionally offered numerous plans and other benefits to its executive officers on the same terms as other employees. These plans and benefits have generally included medical, vision and dental insurance, life insurance and the employee stock purchase plan, as well as discounts on DISH Network's products and services. Relocation benefits may also be reimbursed, but are individually negotiated when they occur. DISH Network has also permitted certain NEOs and their family members and guests to use its corporate aircraft for personal use. DISH Network has also paid for annual tax preparation costs for certain NEOs. DISH Network has not traditionally had any plans in place to provide severance benefits to employees. However, certain non-performance based stock options and restricted stock units have been granted to its executive officers subject to accelerated vesting upon a change in control.
Non-Binding Shareholder Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation
DISH Network provided its shareholders with the opportunity to cast a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation at the annual meeting of shareholders held on May 1, 2017.  Over 98% of the voting power represented at the meeting and entitled to vote on that matter voted in favor of the executive compensation proposal.  The Compensation Committee reviewed these voting results.  Since the voting results affirmed shareholders' support of DISH Network's approach to executive compensation, DISH Network did not change its approach in 2018 as a direct result of the vote.  Also as determined at the annual meeting of shareholders held in May 2017, DISH Network intends to continue to seek a non-binding shareholder advisory vote on executive compensation once every three years.
2018 Executive Compensation
Generally, DISH Network has historically made decisions with respect to executive compensation for a particular compensation year in December of the preceding compensation year or the first quarter of the applicable compensation year.  With respect to the executive compensation of each NEO for 2018, the Compensation Committee (along with Mr. Ergen, for each of the NEOs other than himself) reviewed total compensation of each NEO and the value of: (a) historic and current components of each NEO's compensation, including the annual base salary and bonus paid to the NEO in the prior year; and (b) equity incentives held by each NEO in DISH Network's stock incentive plans. The Compensation Committee (along with Mr. Ergen, for each of the NEOs other than himself) also reviewed the Proxy Data prepared for 2017 and other information described in "Compilation of Certain Proxy Data" above. As described in "General Compensation Levels" above, DISH Network aims to provide annual base salaries and long-term incentives that are competitive in the market with an emphasis on providing a substantial portion of overall compensation in the form of equity incentives.   In addition, the Compensation Committee has discretion to award performance based compensation that is based on performance goals different from those that were previously set or that is higher or lower than the anticipated compensation that would be awarded under DISH Network's incentive plans if particular performance goals were met.  The Compensation Committee did not exercise this discretion in 2018.  However, from time to time, the Compensation Committee has exercised its authority to, among other things, interpret and calculate any and all aspects of performance-based awards under DISH Network's incentive plans, including vesting and all other aspects of calculating the achievement of the goals under such performance-based compensation awards in accordance with their terms.
Compensation of our Chairman and our President and Chief Executive Officer
2018 Base Salary of Chairman.  Mr. Ergen's annual base salary for 2018 was determined based on a review by the Compensation Committee of the expected annual base salaries in 2018 of each of DISH Network's other NEOs. The Compensation Committee did not increase Mr. Ergen's salary in 2018.  The Compensation Committee noted that Mr. Ergen's base salary continued to be lower than the base salaries of the CEOs of the significant majority of the surveyed companies in the Proxy Data.
2018 Base Salary of President and Chief Executive Officer.  Mr. Carlson's annual base salary was increased to $1,000,000 in December 2017 in connection with his promotion to President and Chief Executive Officer. In determining Mr. Carlson's 2018 annual base salary, Mr. Ergen subjectively determined that Mr. Carlson's existing base compensation was already within the range of market compensation indicated in the Proxy Data in light of DISH Network's practices with respect to annual base salaries and therefore an increase over Mr. Carlson's 2017 annual base salary was not necessary.
2018 Cash Bonus.  No discretionary cash bonus was paid to Mr. Ergen or Mr. Carlson in 2018.  Mr. Carlson received $125,000 for the year ended December 31, 2018, under the 2017 performance-based cash awards discussed above.
2018 Equity Incentives.  With respect to equity incentives, DISH Network attempts to ensure that the Chairman and the President and Chief Executive Officer have equity awards at any given time that are significant in relation to their annual cash compensation to ensure that they have appropriate incentives tied to the performance of DISH Network's Class A Shares.  As discussed above, Mr. Ergen and Mr. Carlson each received awards under the 2019 LTIP on October 1, 2018.  In addition, during December 2017, the Compensation Committee determined that, on January 1, 2018, Mr. Carlson should receive a grant of an option to purchase 200,000 Class A Shares under the 2009 Stock Incentive Plan.  During August 2018, the Compensation Committee also determined that, on October 1, 2018, Mr. Ergen should receive a grant of an option to purchase 50,000 Class A Shares under the 2009 Stock Incentive Plan.
Compensation of Other Named Executive Officers
2018 Base Salary
Base salaries for each of the other NEOs are determined annually by the Board of Directors primarily based on Mr. Ergen's recommendations. The Board of Directors places substantial weight on Mr. Ergen's recommendations in light of his role as Chairman and as co-founder and controlling shareholder of DISH Network. Mr. Ergen made recommendations to the Board of Directors with respect to the 2018 annual base salary of each of the other NEOs after considering: (a) the NEO's annual base salary in 2017; (b) the range of the percentage increases in annual base salary for NEOs of the companies contained in the Proxy Data; (c) whether the NEO's annual base salary was appropriate in light of DISH Network's goals, including retention of the NEO; (d) the expected compensation to be paid to other NEOs in 2018 in relation to a particular NEO in 2018; (e) whether the NEO was promoted or newly hired in 2018; and (f) whether in Mr. Ergen's subjective determination, the NEO's performance in 2017 warranted an increase in the NEO's annual base salary in 2018.  Placing primary weight on: (i) the NEO's annual base salary in 2017; and (ii) whether, in Mr. Ergen's subjective view, an increase in 2018 annual base salary was warranted based on performance and/or necessary to retain the NEO, Mr. Ergen recommended the annual base salary amounts indicated in "Executive Compensation and Other Information - Summary Compensation Table" below. The basis for Mr. Ergen's recommendation with respect to each of the other NEOs is discussed below.   The Board of Directors accepted each of Mr. Ergen's recommendations on annual base salaries for each of the other NEOs.
Mr. Cullen.  Mr. Cullen's annual base salary was increased to $750,000 in December 2017. In determining Mr. Cullen's 2018 annual base salary, Mr. Ergen subjectively determined that Mr. Cullen's existing base compensation was already within the range of market compensation indicated in the Proxy Data in light of DISH Network's practices with respect to annual base salaries and therefore an increase over Mr. Cullen's 2017 annual base salary was not necessary.
Mr. Swieringa.  Mr. Swieringa's annual base salary was increased to $750,000 in December 2017. In determining Mr. Swieringa's 2018 annual base salary, Mr. Ergen subjectively determined that Mr. Swieringa's existing base compensation was already within the range of market compensation indicated in the Proxy Data in light of DISH Network's practices with respect to annual base salaries and therefore an increase over Mr. Swieringa's 2017 annual base salary was not necessary.
Mr. Orban.  Mr. Orban's annual base salary was increased to $450,000 in December 2017. In determining Mr. Orban's 2018 annual base salary, Mr. Ergen subjectively determined that Mr. Orban's existing base compensation was already within the range of market compensation indicated in the Proxy Data in light of DISH Network's practices with respect to annual base salaries and therefore an increase over Mr. Orban's 2017 annual base salary was not necessary.
Mr. Swain.  Mr. Swain's annual base salary was increased to $500,000 in December 2017. In determining Mr. Swain's 2018 annual base salary, Mr. Ergen subjectively determined that Mr. Swain's existing base compensation was already within the range of market compensation indicated in the Proxy Data in light of DISH Network's practices with respect to annual base salaries and therefore an increase over Mr. Swain's 2017 annual base salary was not necessary.  Mr. Swain resigned from the Corporation on August 22, 2018, and Mr. Orban was designated Principal Financial Officer.
2018 Cash Bonuses.
Consistent with prior years, Mr. Ergen generally recommended that other NEOs receive cash bonuses only to the extent that such amounts would be payable pursuant to the existing short-term incentive plan, if any.  As discussed above, in light of prior grants of equity incentives, among other things, the Board of Directors and the Compensation Committee elected not to implement a short-term incentive program for 2018.  No discretionary cash bonus was paid to Mr. Cullen or Mr. Swieringa during 2018.
As discussed above, Mr. Swieringa received approximately $71,000 during the year ended December 31, 2018, under certain performance-based cash awards discussed above. 2018 Equity Incentives
With respect to equity incentives, DISH Network primarily evaluates the position of each NEO to ensure that each individual has equity incentives at any given time that are significant in relation to the NEO's annual cash compensation to ensure that the NEO has appropriate incentives tied to the performance of DISH Network's Class A Shares. This determination is made by the Compensation Committee primarily on the basis of Mr. Ergen's recommendation.   As discussed above, in granting awards to the other NEOs for 2018, Mr. Ergen based his recommendation on, and the Compensation Committee took into account, among other things, what was necessary to retain our executive officers and to align the interests of our executive officers and shareholders.  During December 2017, the Compensation Committee determined that, on January 1, 2018, Mr. Cullen and Mr. Swieringa should each receive a grant of an option to purchase 100,000 Class A Shares and Mr. Orban should receive a grant of an option to purchase 50,000 Class A Shares, each under the 2009 Stock Incentive Plan.  In addition, during August 2018, the Compensation Committee determined that, on October 1, 2018 Mr. Cullen should receive a grant of an option to purchase 150,000 Class A Shares under the 2009 Stock Incentive Plan.  As discussed above, Messrs. Cullen, Swieringa and Orban also received awards under the 2019 LTIP on October 1, 2018.
COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT
The Compensation Committee is appointed by the Board of Directors of DISH Network to discharge certain of the Board's responsibilities relating to compensation of DISH Network's executive officers.
The Compensation Committee, to the extent the Board deems necessary or appropriate, will:
· Make and approve all option grants and other issuances of DISH Network's equity securities to DISH Network's executive officers and Board members other than nonemployee directors;
· Approve all other option grants and issuances of DISH Network's equity securities, and recommend that the full Board make and approve such grants and issuances;
· Establish in writing all performance goals for performance-based compensation that together with other compensation to senior executive officers could exceed $1 million annually, other than standard Stock Incentive Plan options that may be paid to DISH Network's executive officers, and certify achievement of such goals prior to payment; and
· Set the compensation of the Chairman.
Based on the review of the Compensation Discussion and Analysis and discussions with management, we recommended to the Board of Directors that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in the Corporation's Proxy Statement.
Respectfully submitted,
The DISH Network Executive Compensation Committee
George R. Brokaw (Chairman)
Kathleen Q. Abernathy
Charles M. Lillis
Tom A. Ortolf
The report of the Compensation Committee and the information contained therein shall not be deemed to be "soliciting material" or "filed" or incorporated by reference in any filing we make under the Securities Act of 1933 (the "Securities Act") or under the Exchange Act, irrespective of any general statement incorporating by reference this information into any such filing, or subject to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, except to the extent that we specifically incorporate this information by reference into a document we file under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION AND OTHER INFORMATION
Compensation Program Risk Assessment
Annually, management reviews the components of our compensation for each employee other than our executive officers.  Base salaries for each of our executive officers (other than Mr. Ergen) are determined annually by our Board of Directors primarily based on Mr. Ergen's recommendations.  The Board of Directors places substantial weight on Mr. Ergen's recommendations in light of his role as Chairman and as co-founder and controlling shareholder of DISH Network.  The Board of Directors ultimately approved base cash salaries for 2018 for each of these executive officers other than Mr. Ergen.
Our Compensation Committee, without Mr. Ergen present, sets Mr. Ergen's base cash salary.  Our Compensation Committee makes and approves grants of options and other equity-based compensation to all of our executive officers.
The primary components of our executive compensation have historically included:
· base cash salary;
· short-term incentive compensation, including conditional and/or performance-based cash incentive compensation, and discretionary bonuses;
· long-term equity incentive compensation in the form of stock options and restricted stock units offered under DISH Network's stock incentive plans;
· 401(k) plan; and
· other compensation, including perquisites and personal benefits and post-termination compensation.
DISH Network's executive compensation program may also include short-term incentive compensation, including conditional and/or performance-based cash incentive compensation, and discretionary bonuses.  We design corporate performance metrics that determine payouts for certain business segment leaders in part on the achievement of longer-term company-wide goals.  This is based on our belief that applying company-wide metrics encourages decision-making that is in the best long-term interests of DISH Network and our shareholders as a whole.  However, during 2018, we elected not to implement a short-term incentive program.
Base salary, 401(k) benefits and other benefits and perquisites provided generally to DISH Network employees provide a minimum level of compensation for our executive officers.  DISH Network has included base salary as a component of its executive compensation package because we believe it is appropriate that some portion of the compensation paid to executives be provided in a form that is fixed and liquid occurring over regular intervals.  Generally, however, DISH Network has weighted overall compensation towards incentives, particularly equity components, as opposed to base salaries.
With respect to other compensation, including perquisites and personal benefits and post-termination compensation, DISH Network has traditionally offered benefits to its executive officers on substantially the same terms as offered to other employees.  These benefits generally have included medical, vision and dental insurance, life insurance, and the employee stock purchase plan, as well as discounts on DISH Network's products and services.  DISH Network has not traditionally provided severance benefits to employees.  However, certain non-performance based stock options, and restricted stock units have been granted to its executive officers subject to acceleration of vesting upon a change in control of DISH Network for those executive officers who are terminated by us or the surviving entity, as applicable, for any reason other than for cause during the twenty-four month period following such change in control.
Generally, DISH Network's overall executive compensation trails that of its competitors in the areas of base pay, severance packages, and short-term incentives but is intended to be competitive over time in equity compensation.  With respect to equity incentive compensation, DISH Network attempts to ensure that each executive officer retains equity awards that at any given time are significant in relation to such individual's annual cash compensation to ensure that each of its executive officers has appropriate incentives tied to the value realized by our shareholders. DISH Network generally grants equity incentives only to a limited number of employees at certain levels.  The awards generally vest annually at the rate of 20% per year.  We generally use multi-year vesting of our equity awards to account for the appropriate time horizon of risk.  DISH Network has operated under the belief that executive officers will be better able to contribute to its long-term success and help build incremental shareholder value prudently if they have a stake in that future success and value over a long period.  DISH Network believes this stake focuses the executive officers' attention on managing DISH Network as owners with equity positions in DISH Network and aligns their interests with the long-term interests of DISH Network's shareholders.  Equity awards therefore have represented an important and significant component of DISH Network's compensation program for executive officers.  These awards, coupled with the relatively longer time frame during which these awards vest, mitigate the effect of short-term variations in our operating and financial performance, and we believe focus management goals appropriately on longer-term value creation for shareholders rather than rewarding short-term gains.  In light of our approach towards compensation as set forth above, we believe that our process assists us in our efforts to mitigate excessive risk-taking.
Summary Compensation Table
Our executive officers are compensated by certain of our subsidiaries.  The following table sets forth the cash and noncash compensation for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018 for the NEOs.
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Name and Principal Position       Year       Salary    ($)       Bonus    ($)       Stock     Awards (1)    ($)       Option    Awards (1)    ($)       Non-Equity    Incentive Plan     Compensation    ($)       Change in    Pension Value    and    Nonqualified    Deferred    Compensation    Earnings    ($)       All Other     Compensation    (2)  ($)       Total    ($)      
 W. Erik Carlson (3)       2018       $   1,000,000               $   —       $   4,188,897       $   125,000       $   —       $   7,020       $   5,320,917      
 President and Chief Executive Officer       2017       $   519,231       $   —       $   6,389       $   654,033       $   337,500       $   —       $   7,020       $   1,524,173      
         2016       $   515,000       $   —       $   —       $   3,174,500       $   150,000       $   —       $   6,980       $   3,846,480      
 Thomas A. Cullen       2018       $   750,000       $   —       $   —       $   3,239,494       $   —       $   —       $   6,980       $   3,996,474      
 Executive Vice President,       2017       $   509,615       $   —       $   6,389       $   654,033       $   —       $   —       $   13,742       $   1,183,779      
 Corporate Development                                                                              
 Charles W. Ergen (4)       2018       $   1,000,000       $   —       $   —       $   1,362,972       $   —       $   —       $   749,685       $   3,112,657      
 Chairman       2017       $   1,000,000       $   —       $   6,389       $   654,033       $   —       $   —       $   786,021       $   2,446,443      
         2016       $   1,000,000       $   —       $   —       $   —       $   —       $   —       $   656,833       $   1,656,833      
 John W. Swieringa (5)       2018       $   750,000       $   —       $   —       $   2,094,449       $   71,010       $   —       $   7,000       $   2,922,459      
 Executive Vice President,                                                                              
 Chief Operating Officer                                                                              
 Paul W. Orban (6)       2018       $   450,000       $   9,856       $   —       $   1,047,225       $   —       $   —       $   7,020       $   1,514,101      
 Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting                                                                              
 Officer and Principal Financial Officer                                                                              
 Steven E. Swain (6)       2018       $   342,308       $   9,636       $   —       $   —       $   —       $   —       $   6,760       $   358,704      
 Senior Vice President       2017       $   386,539       $   —       $   6,389       $   487,698       $   —       $   —       $   7,020       $   887,646      
 and Chief Financial Officer       2016       $   357,539       $   —       $   —       $   186,725       $   —       $   —       $   7,020       $   551,284      
[END TABLE]
(1)                        The amounts reported reflect grant date fair values.  These amounts include both performance and non-performance based awards.  The grant date fair values for performance awards are based on the probable outcome of the performance conditions under the awards and do not necessarily reflect the amount of compensation actually realized or that may be realized. Assuming achievement of all performance conditions underlying the performance awards included in this column, the total grant date fair values would be as follows:
[BEGIN TABLE]
         Aggregate Grant    Date Fair Value of    2018 Performance    Awards      
 W. Erik Carlson       $   2,051,477      
 Thomas A. Cullen       $   512,869      
 Charles W. Ergen       $   1,025,739      
 John W. Swieringa       $   1,025,739      
 Paul W. Orban       $   512,869      
[END TABLE]
Assumptions used in the calculation of grant date fair values are included in Note 13 to the Corporation's audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018, included in the Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 13, 2019.
(2)                        "All Other Compensation" for all of the NEOs includes amounts contributed pursuant to our 401(k) matching program, our health savings account program and our profit sharing program.
(3)                        Mr. Carlson's "Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation" for 2018 was received under the performance-based cash awards discussed above.
(4)                        Mr. Ergen's "All Other Compensation" for 2018 also includes approximately $80,000 for tax preparation services.  In addition, Mr. Ergen's "All Other Compensation" for 2018 includes $662,695 for Mr. Ergen's personal use (and on certain occasions for the personal use by members of his family and other guests) of corporate aircraft during the year ended December 31, 2018.  We calculated the value of personal use of corporate aircraft based upon the incremental cost of such usage to DISH Network.  Since both the Corporation and EchoStar use the corporate aircraft and Mr. Ergen is an employee of both the Corporation and EchoStar, certain incremental costs related to personal use of corporate aircraft by Mr. Ergen and his family members and guests are allocated between the Corporation and EchoStar.
(5)                        Mr. Swieringa's "Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation" for 2018 was received under the performance-based cash award discussed above.
(6)                        Mr. Orban was designated Principal Financial Officer effective August 22, 2018 upon the resignation of our Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Swain.
CEO Pay Ratio
The Dodd-Frank Reform and Consumer Protection Act includes a mandate that public companies disclose the ratio of the compensation of their Chief Executive Officer to their median employee. We determined the pay ratio by dividing the total 2018 compensation of Mr. Carlson, our Chief Executive Officer, as disclosed in the Summary Compensation Table by the total 2018 compensation of the median employee, using the same components of compensation as used in the Summary Compensation Table for the Chief Executive Officer.  Our median employee for 2018 was determined using the compensation of all employees who were actively employed on December 21, 2018 (the "Measurement Date"). We used all employees' year-to-date cash compensation as of the Measurement Date to determine the median employee.
The total compensation of our median employee, using the same methodology we use for Mr. Carlson's Summary Compensation Table compensation, is $54,048 and total compensation of Mr. Carlson is $5,320,917. Therefore, our Chief Executive Officer to median employee pay ratio calculation is approximately 98:1. The SEC's rules for identifying the median compensated employee and calculating the pay ratio based on that employee's annual total compensation allow companies to adopt a variety of methodologies, to apply certain exclusions, and to make reasonable estimates and assumptions that reflect their employee populations and compensation practices. As a result, the pay ratio reported by other companies may not be comparable to the pay ratio reported above, as other companies have different employee populations and compensation practices and may utilize different methodologies, exclusions, estimates and assumptions in calculating their own pay ratios.
Grant of Plan-Based Awards
The following table provides information on equity awards in 2018 for the NEOs.
[BEGIN TABLE]
                         Estimated Future Payouts    Under Non-Equity Incentive    Plan Awards       Estimated Future Payouts    Under Equity Incentive Plan    Awards       All Other    Stock    Awards:       All Other    Option    Awards:                      
 Name       Grant Date       Date of    Compensation    Committee    Approval       Threshold    ($)       Target    ($)       Maximum    ($)       Threshold    (#)       Target    (#)       Maximum    (#)       Number    of Shares    of Stock    or Units    (1)  (#)       Number of    Securities    Underlying    Options    (#)       Exercise    or Base    Price of    Option    Awards    ($/sh)       Grant Date    Fair Value of    Stock and    Option    Awards (2)      
 W. Erik Carlson       01/01/2018       12/01/2017       $   —       $   —       $   —       —       —       —       —       200,000       $   47.75       $   2,506,686      
         04/02/2018       12/01/2017       $   —       $   —       $   —       —       —       —       84       —       $   —       $   —      
         10/01/2018       08/17/2018       $   —       $   —       $   —       —       —       200,000       —       —       $   35.42       $   1,682,211      
 Thomas A. Cullen       01/01/2018       12/01/2017       $   —       $   —       $   —       —       —       —       —       100,000       $   47.75       $   1,253,343      
         04/02/2018       12/01/2017       $   —       $   —       $   —       —       —       —       84       —       $   —       $   —      
         10/01/2018       08/17/2018       $   —       $   —       $   —       —       —       50,000       —       150,000       $   35.42       $   1,986,151      
 Charles W. Ergen       04/02/2018       12/01/2017       $   —       $   —       $   —       —       —       —       84       —       $   —       $   —      
         10/01/2018       08/17/2018       $   —       $   —       $   —       —       —       100,000       —       50,000       $   35.42       $   1,362,972      
 John W. Swieringa       01/01/2018       12/01/2017       $   —       $   —       $   —       —       —       —       —       100,000       $   47.75       $   1,253,343      
         04/02/2018       12/01/2017       $   —       $   —       $   —       —       —       —       84       —       $   —       $   —      
         10/01/2018       08/17/2018       $   —       $   —       $   —       —       —       100,000       —       —       $   35.42       $   841,106      
 Paul W. Orban       01/01/2018       12/01/2017       $   —       $   —       $   —       —       —       —       —       50,000       $   47.75       $   626,672      
         04/02/2018       12/01/2017       $   —       $   —       $   —       —       —       —       84       —       $   —       $   —      
         10/01/2018       08/17/2018       $   —       $   —       $   —       —       —       50,000       —       —       $   35.42       $   420,553      
 Steven E. Swain       04/02/2018       12/01/2017       $   —       $   —       $   —       —       —       —       84       —       $   —       $   —      
[END TABLE]
(1)                        The amounts reported in the "All Other Stock Awards" column represent Class A Shares awarded to the eligible NEOs during 2018 pursuant to our profit sharing program.
(2)                        These amounts include both performance and non-performance based awards.  The grant date fair values for performance awards are based on the probable outcome of the performance conditions under the awards and do not necessarily reflect the amount of compensation actually realized or that may be realized.
Assuming achievement of all performance conditions underlying the performance awards included in this column, the total grant date fair values would be as follows:
[BEGIN TABLE]
         2018    Performance    Awards      
 W. Erik Carlson       $   2,051,477      
 Thomas A. Cullen       $   512,869      
 Charles W. Ergen       $   1,025,739      
 John W. Swieringa       $   1,025,739      
 Paul W. Orban       $   512,869      
[END TABLE]
Assumptions used in the calculation of grant date fair values are included in Note 13 to the Corporation's audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018, included in the Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 13, 2019. Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End
The following table provides information on outstanding equity awards at fiscal year-end 2018 for the NEOs.
[BEGIN TABLE]
         Option Awards       Stock Awards      
 Name       Number of    Securities    Underlying    Unexercised    Options    (#)    Exercisable       Number of    Securities    Underlying    Unexercised    Options    (#)    Unexercisable    (1)       Equity    Incentive    Plan    Awards:    Number of    Securities    Underlying    Unexercised    Unearned    Options    (#) (2)       Option    Exercise    Price    ($)       Option    Expiration    Date       Number    of Shares    or Units    of Stock    That Have    Not    Vested (#)       Market    Value of    Shares or    Units of    Stock That    Have Not    Vested ($)       Equity    Incentive    Plan    Awards:    Number     of    Unearned    Shares,    Units or    Other    Rights    That Have    Not    Vested (#)    (2)       Equity    Incentive    Plan    Awards:    Market or    Payout Value    of Unearned    Shares, Units    or Other    Rights That    Have Not    Vested (3) ($)      
 W. Erik Carlson       6,000       —       —       $   21.59       03/31/2021   (4)   —       $   —       —       $   —      
         —       —       48,000       $   36.40       01/01/2023       —       $   —       24,000   (5)   $   599,280      
         80,000       120,000       —       $   57.18       01/01/2026       —       $   —       —       $   —      
         —       —       60,000       $   57.93       01/01/2027       —       $   —       —       $   —      
         —       200,000       —       $   47.75       01/01/2028       —       $   —       —       $   —      
         —       —       200,000       $   35.42       10/01/2028       —       $   —       —       $   —      
         —       —       —       $   —       —       —       $   —       100   (6)   $   2,497      
 Thomas A. Cullen       —       —       600,000       $   15.38       06/30/2020   (4)   —       $   —       200,000   (7)   $   4,994,000      
         12,000       —       48,000       $   36.40       01/01/2023       —       $   —       24,000   (5)   $   599,280      
         —       —       60,000       $   57.93       01/01/2027       —       $   —       —       $   —      
         —       100,000       —       $   47.75       01/01/2028       —       $   —       —       $   —      
         —       150,000       50,000       $   35.42       10/01/2028       —       $   —       —       $   —      
         —       —       —       $   —       —       —       $   —       100   (6)   $   2,497      
 Charles W. Ergen       660,000       —       540,000       $   27.90       09/30/2021   (4)   —       $   —       —       $   —      
         12,000       —       48,000       $   36.40       01/01/2023       —       $   —       24,000   (5   $   599,280      
         —       —       60,000       $   57.93       01/01/2027       —       $   —       —       $   —      
         —       50,000       100,000       $   35.42       10/01/2028       —       $   —       —       $   —      
         —       —       —       $   —       —       —       $   —       100   (6)   $   2,497      
 John W. Swieringa       —       —       12,000       $   36.40       01/01/2023       —       $   —       6,000   (5)   $   149,820      
         3,000       —       12,000       $   63.90       01/01/2023       —       $   —       6,000   (8)   $   149,820      
         —       —       15,000       $   57.18       01/01/2023       —       $   —       7,500   (9)   $   187,275      
         20,000       5,000       —       $   63.90       04/01/2024       —       $   —       —       $   —      
         40,000       60,000       —       $   57.18       01/01/2026       —       $   —       —       $   —      
         —       —       60,000       $   57.93       01/01/2027       —       $   —       —       $   —      
         —       100,000       —       $   47.75       01/01/2028       —       $   —       —       $   —      
         —       —       100,000       $   35.42       10/01/2028       —       $   —       —       $   —      
         —       —       —       $   —       —       —       $   —       100   (6)   $   2,497      
 Paul W. Orban       —       —       24,000       $   36.40       01/01/2023       —       $   —       12,000   (5)   $   299,640      
         6,000       4,000       —       $   69.73       04/01/2025       —       $   —       —       $   —      
         6,000       9,000       —       $   57.18       01/01/2026       —       $   —       —       $   —      
         —       —       30,000       $   57.93       01/01/2027       —       $   —       —       $   —      
         —       50,000       —       $   47.75       01/01/2028       —       $   —       —       $   —      
         —       —       50,000       $   35.42       10/01/2028       —       $   —       —       $   —      
         —       —       —       $   —       —       —       $   —       100   (6)   $   2,497      
[END TABLE]
 (1)                         Awards granted under DISH Network's stock incentive plans generally vest at the rate of 20% per year commencing one year from the date of grant.
(2)                         Awards granted under DISH Network's performance-based plans vest at various times based on certain company-specific goals, discussed above.
(3)                         Amount represents the number of unvested, performance-based restricted stock units multiplied by $24.97, the closing market price of DISH Network's Class A Shares on December 31, 2018.
(4)                         On December 2, 2012, we declared a dividend of $1.00 per share on our outstanding Class A Shares and Class B Shares. The dividend was paid in cash on December 28, 2012 to shareholders of record on December 14, 2012.  In light of such dividend, our Board of Directors and Compensation Committee, which administers our stock incentive plans, determined to adjust the exercise price of certain stock options issued under the plans by decreasing the exercise price by $0.77 per share during January 2013.
(5)                         Restricted stock awarded on January 1, 2013 under DISH Network's Stock Incentive Plans.
(6)                         Restricted stock awarded on July 7, 2017 under DISH Network's Stock Incentive Plans.
(7)                         Restricted stock awarded on June 30, 2010 under DISH Network's Stock Incentive Plans.
(8)                         Restricted stock awarded on April 1, 2014 under DISH Network's Stock Incentive Plans.
(9)                         Restricted stock awarded on January 1, 2016 under DISH Network's Stock Incentive Plans.
Option Exercises and Stock Vested
The following table provides information on option exercises and stock vested in 2018 for the NEOs.
[BEGIN TABLE]
         Option Awards       Stock Awards      
 Name       Number of     Shares    Acquired    on Exercise    (#)       Value    Realized on    Exercise (1)    ($)       Number of     Shares Acquired    on Vesting (#)       Value    Realized on    Vesting    ($)      
 Thomas A. Cullen       50,000       $   959,250       —       $   —      
[END TABLE]
(1)                    The value realized on exercise is computed by multiplying the difference between the exercise price of the stock option and the market price of the Class A Shares on the date of exercise by the number of shares with respect to which the option was exercised.
Potential Payments Upon Termination Following a Change in Control
As discussed in "Compensation Discussion and Analysis" above, our standard form of non-performance based option agreement given to executive officers includes acceleration of vesting upon a change in control of DISH Network for those executive officers that are terminated by us or the surviving entity, as applicable, for any reason other than for cause during the twenty-four month period following such change in control.
Generally a change in control is deemed to occur upon: (i) a transaction or a series of transactions the result of which is that any person (other than Mr. Ergen, our controlling shareholder, or a related party) individually owns more than fifty percent (50%) of the total equity interests of either: (A) DISH Network; or (B) the surviving entity in any such transaction(s) or a controlling affiliate of such surviving entity in such transaction(s); and (ii) the first day on which a majority of the members of the Board of Directors of DISH Network are not continuing directors. Assuming a change in control were to have taken place as of December 31, 2018, and the executives were terminated by DISH Network or the surviving entity at such date, the estimated benefits that would have been provided are as follows:
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Name       Maximum    Value of    Accelerated    Vesting of    Options      
 W. Erik Carlson       $   —      
 Thomas A. Cullen       $   —      
 Charles W. Ergen       $   —      
 John W.   Swieringa       $   —      
 Paul W. Orban       $   —      
[END TABLE]
DIRECTOR COMPENSATION
The following table sets forth the cash and noncash compensation for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018 for each of our nonemployee directors.  Our employee directors are not compensated for their service as directors and, consequently, are not included in the table.
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Name       Fees    Earned or    Paid in    Cash    ($)       Stock    Awards    ($)       Option    Awards    (1)  ($)       Non-Equity     Incentive Plan    Compensation    ($)       Change in    Pension Value    and    Nonqualified    Deferred    Compensation    Earnings    ($)       All Other    Compensation    ($)       Total    ($)      
 George R. Brokaw       $   110,500       $   —       $   50,472       $   —       $   —       $   —       $   160,972      
 Steven R.   Goodbarn (2)       $   20,250       $   —       $   —       $   —       $   —       $   —       $   20,250      
 Charles M.   Lillis       $   106,000       $   —       $   50,472       $   —       $   —       $   —       $   156,472      
 Afshin Mohebbi       $   69,750       $   —       $   50,472       $   —       $   —       $   —       $   120,222      
 Tom A. Ortolf       $   70,500       $   —       $   50,472       $   —       $   —       $   —       $   120,972      
[END TABLE]
(1)         The amounts reported in the "Option Awards" column reflect the aggregate grant date fair values.  Assumptions used in the calculation of these amounts are included in Note 13 to the Corporation's audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018, included in the Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 13, 2019.
(2)         Mr. Goodbarn ceased to be a member of the Board of Directors effective May 7, 2018 when his term as a director expired at the 2018 Annual Meeting. On January 1, 2018, Messrs. Brokaw, Lillis, Mohebbi, and Ortolf were each granted an option to acquire 5,000 Class A Shares at an exercise price of $47.75 per share under our 2001 Director Plan.  Options granted under our 2001 Director Plan are 100% vested upon issuance.  Thus, the amount recognized for financial statement reporting purposes and the full grant date fair value are the same.
Standard Nonemployee Director Compensation Arrangements
We use a combination of cash and equity compensation to attract and retain qualified candidates to serve on our Board.
Cash Compensation.  Each nonemployee director receives an annual retainer of $60,000 which is paid in equal quarterly installments; provided such person is a member of the Board on the last day of the applicable calendar quarter.  Our nonemployee directors also receive $1,000 for each meeting attended in person and $500 for each meeting attended by telephone; provided that if there is more than one meeting of the Board of Directors and/or any committee thereof on the same day, then the applicable nonemployee director is only entitled to receive compensation for attendance at a single meeting.  Additionally, the chairperson of each committee of the Board receives a $5,000 annual retainer, which is paid in equal quarterly installments; provided such person is the chairperson of the committee on the last day of the applicable calendar quarter.  Furthermore, our nonemployee directors receive: (i) reimbursement, in full, of reasonable travel expenses related to attendance at all meetings of the Board of Directors and its committees and (ii) reimbursement, in full, of reasonable expenses related to educational activities undertaken in connection with service on the Board of Directors and its committees.
In April 2018, the Board approved a monthly retainer of $5,000 (currently approved not to exceed a total of $75,000) for the members of its special litigation committee (the "Special Litigation Committee") established in connection with the litigation discussed in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements in the Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K  filed with the SEC on February 13, 2019 under Note 14 "Commitments and Contingencies — Contingencies — Litigation — Telemarketing Shareholder Derivative Litigation."  During 2018, Messrs. Brokaw and Lillis each earned $40,000 for their service on this Special Litigation Committee.
Equity Compensation.  We have adopted a nonemployee director stock option plan, which we refer to as the 2001 Director Plan. The purpose of the 2001 Director Plan is to advance our interests through the motivation, attraction, and retention of highly-qualified nonemployee directors.  Upon election to our Board, our nonemployee directors are granted an option to acquire a certain number of our Class A Shares under our 2001 Director Plan effective as of the first day of the next calendar quarter.  Options granted under our 2001 Director Plan are 100% vested upon issuance and have a term of five years.  We also have the discretion to grant each continuing nonemployee director an option to acquire Class A Shares annually, and we have typically granted each continuing nonemployee director an option to acquire 5,000 Class A Shares in recent years. Our nonemployee directors do not hold any stock awards except those granted to the nonemployee directors pursuant to our 2001 Director Plan.  We have granted the following options to our nonemployee directors under such plan:
[BEGIN TABLE]
         Option Awards      
 Name       Number of    Securities    Underlying    Unexercised    Options    (#)    Exercisable       Option    Exercise    Price    ($)       Option    Expiration    Date      
 George R. Brokaw       7,500       $   57.92       01/01/19      
         5,000       $   72.89       01/01/20      
         5,000       $   57.18       01/01/21      
         5,000       $   57.93       01/01/22      
         5,000       $   47.75       01/01/23      
 Total Options Outstanding at December 31,   2018       27,500                      
 Charles M.   Lillis       7,500       $   57.92       01/01/19      
         5,000       $   72.89       01/01/20      
         5,000       $   57.18       01/01/21      
         5,000       $   57.93       01/01/22      
         5,000       $   47.75       01/01/23      
 Total Options Outstanding at December 31,   2018       27,500                      
 Afshin Mohebbi       8,750       $   63.60       10/01/19      
         5,000       $   57.18       01/01/21      
         5,000       $   57.93       01/01/22      
         5,000       $   47.75       01/01/23      
 Total Options Outstanding at December 31,   2018       23,750                      
 Tom A. Ortolf       5,000       $   72.89       01/01/20      
         5,000       $   57.18       01/01/21      
         5,000       $   57.93       01/01/22      
         5,000       $   47.75       01/01/23      
 Total Options Outstanding at December 31,   2018       20,000                      
[END TABLE]
 EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION
We have two employee stock incentive plans: (i) our 1999 Stock Incentive Plan and (ii) our 2009 Stock Incentive Plan (the "Stock Incentive Plans").  We adopted the Stock Incentive Plans to provide incentives to attract and retain executive officers and other key employees.  While awards remain outstanding under our 1999 Stock Incentive Plan, we no longer grant equity awards pursuant to this plan.  The Stock Incentive Plans are administered by our Compensation Committee.  In order to grant new equity awards following the expiration of our 1999 Stock Incentive Plan on May 11, 2019, we are proposing that our shareholders approve our 2019 Stock Incentive Plan at our 2019 Annual Meeting.
Awards available under the Stock Incentive Plans include: (i) common stock purchase options; (ii) stock appreciation rights; (iii) restricted stock and restricted stock units; (iv) performance awards; (v) dividend equivalents; and (vi) other stock-based awards.  As of December 31, 2018, 59,277,533 of our Class A Shares were available for issuance under the 2009 Stock Incentive Plan.  Our authorization to grant new awards under the 1999 Stock Incentive Plan has expired.  The Compensation Committee retains discretion, subject to plan limits, to, among other things, modify the terms of outstanding awards and to adjust the price of awards.
As of December 31, 2018, there were outstanding options to purchase 14,202,039 Class A Shares and 1,760,225 outstanding restricted stock units/awards under the Stock Incentive Plans.  These awards generally vest at the rate of 20% per year commencing one year from the date of grant.  The exercise prices of these options, which have generally been equal to or greater than the fair market value of our Class A Shares at the date of grant, range from less than $10.00 to $80.00 per Class A Share.
On December 2, 2012, we declared a dividend of $1.00 per share on our outstanding Class A Shares and Class B Shares. The dividend was paid in cash on December 28, 2012 to shareholders of record on December 14, 2012.  In light of such dividend, our Board of Directors and Compensation Committee, which administers our Stock Incentive Plans, determined to adjust the exercise price of certain stock options issued under the plans by decreasing the exercise price by $0.77 per share during January 2013.
As previously discussed in Compensation Discussion & Analysis, we have adopted the 2013 LTIP, the 2017 LTIP and the 2019 LTIP under DISH Network's Stock Incentive Plans.
In addition to the 2001 Director Plan and the Stock Incentive Plans, during 2002 we adopted and our shareholders approved our 2002 Class B Chairman Stock Option Plan, under which we have reserved 20 million Class B Shares for issuance.  The Class B Shares available for issuance under the 2002 Class B Chairman Stock Option Plan are not included in the table below.  No options have been granted to date under the 2002 Class B Chairman Stock Option Plan.
The following table sets forth information regarding outstanding stock options and restricted stock unit awards and the Class A Shares reserved for future issuance under our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2018:
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Plan Category       Number of    Securities to    be Issued    Upon    Exercise of    Outstanding    Options,    Warrants    and Rights    (a)       Weighted-    Average    Exercise    Price of    Outstanding    Options,    Warrants    and Rights    (b) (1)       Number of    Securities    Remaining    Available for    Future Issuance    Under Equity    Compensation    Plans (excluding    securities    reflected in    column (a))  (c)       
 Equity   compensation plans approved by security holders       15,962,264       $   42.08       60,063,783      
 Equity   compensation plans not approved by security holders (2)       —       —       —      
 Total       15,962,264       $   42.08       60,063,783      
[END TABLE]
(1)         The calculation of the weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights excludes restricted stock units that provide for the issuance of shares of common stock upon vesting because these awards do not require payment of an exercise price in order to obtain the underlying shares upon vesting. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
Our Board has adopted a written policy for the review and approval of transactions involving DISH Network and related parties, such as directors, executive officers (and their immediate family members), and EchoStar.  In order to identify these transactions, we distribute questionnaires to our officers and directors on a quarterly basis.  Our General Counsel then directs the appropriate review of all potential related-party transactions and generally schedules their presentation at the next regularly-scheduled meetings of the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors.  The Audit Committee and the Board of Directors must approve these transactions, with all interested parties abstaining from the vote.  Once each calendar year, the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors undertake a review of all recurring potential related-party transactions.  Both the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors must approve the continuation of each such transaction, with all interested parties abstaining.  Transactions involving EchoStar are subject to the approval of a committee of the non-interlocking directors or in certain circumstances non-interlocking management.
Related Party Transactions with EchoStar Corporation
On January 1, 2008, we completed the spin-off of EchoStar (the "Spin-off"), which was previously our subsidiary. Following the Spin-off, DISH Network and EchoStar have operated as separate publicly-traded companies and neither entity has any ownership interest in the other. However, a substantial majority of the voting power of the shares of both companies is owned beneficially by Charles W. Ergen, our Chairman, and by certain entities established by Mr. Ergen for the benefit of his family.
In connection with and following the Spin-off, we and EchoStar have entered into certain agreements pursuant to which we obtain certain products, services, and rights from EchoStar, EchoStar obtains certain products, services, and rights from us, and we and EchoStar have indemnified each other against certain liabilities arising from our respective businesses.
Share Exchange Agreement
On February 28, 2017, we and EchoStar and certain of our respective subsidiaries completed the transactions contemplated by the Share Exchange Agreement (the "Share Exchange Agreement") that was previously entered into on January 31, 2017.  Pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement, among other things, EchoStar transferred to us certain assets and liabilities of the EchoStar technologies and EchoStar broadcasting businesses, consisting primarily of the businesses that design, develop and distribute digital set-top boxes, provide satellite uplink services and develop and support streaming video technology, as well as certain investments in joint ventures, spectrum licenses, real estate properties and EchoStar's ten percent non-voting interest in Sling TV Holding L.L.C., and in exchange, we transferred to EchoStar the 6,290,499 shares of preferred tracking stock issued by EchoStar and 81.128 shares of preferred tracking stock issued by Hughes Satellite Systems Corporation, a subsidiary of EchoStar, that tracked the residential retail satellite broadband business of Hughes Network Systems, L.L.C. ("HNS"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Hughes Communications, Inc. ("Hughes"). In connection with the Share Exchange, we and EchoStar and certain of their subsidiaries entered into certain agreements covering, among other things, tax matters, employee matters, intellectual property matters and the provision of transitional services.  In addition, we and EchoStar have terminated certain agreements and entered into certain new agreements in connection with the Share Exchange Agreement.  We also may enter into additional agreements with EchoStar in the future. The following is a summary of the terms of our principal agreements with EchoStar that may have an impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
Employee Matters Agreement.  In connection with the completion of the Share Exchange, effective March 1, 2017, we and EchoStar entered into an Employee Matters Agreement that addresses the transfer of employees from EchoStar to us, including certain benefit and compensation matters and the allocation of responsibility for employee-related liabilities relating to current and past employees of the Transferred Businesses.  We assumed employee-related liabilities relating to the Transferred Businesses as part of the Share Exchange, except that EchoStar will be responsible for certain existing employee-related litigation as well as certain pre-Share Exchange compensation and benefits for employees transferring to us in connection with the Share Exchange. No payments were made under the Employee Matters Agreements during the year ended December 31, 2018. Hughes Agreements.
Hughes Equipment and Services Agreement. In February 2019, we and HNS entered into an agreement pursuant to which HNS will provide us with HughesNet Service and HughesNet equipment for the transmission of certain data related to our next-generation 5G-capable network, focused on supporting narrowband IoT.  This agreement has an initial term of five years with automatic renewal for successive one-year terms unless terminated by DISH Network with at least 180 days' written notice to us or by us with at least 365 days' written notice to DISH Network. There were no revenue, expenses or payments between us and EchoStar under or relating to this agreement for the year ended December 31, 2018.
DBSD North America Agreement.  On March 9, 2012, we completed the acquisition of 100% of the equity of reorganized DBSD North America, Inc. ("DBSD North America").  During the second quarter 2011, EchoStar acquired Hughes.  Prior to our acquisition of DBSD North America and EchoStar's acquisition of Hughes, DBSD North America and HNS entered into an agreement pursuant to which HNS provides, among other things, hosting, operations and maintenance services for DBSD North America's satellite gateway and associated ground infrastructure.  This agreement generally may be terminated by us at any time for convenience.  We incurred expenses payable to HNS of approximately $2 million under this agreement during the year ended December 31, 2018.
Hughes Broadband Distribution Agreement.  Effective October 1, 2012, dishNET Satellite Broadband L.L.C. ("dishNET Satellite Broadband"), our indirect wholly-owned subsidiary, and HNS entered into a Distribution Agreement (the "Distribution Agreement") pursuant to which dishNET Satellite Broadband has the right, but not the obligation, to market, sell, and distribute the HNS satellite Internet service (the "Service").  dishNET Satellite Broadband pays HNS a monthly per subscriber wholesale service fee for the Service based upon the subscriber's service level, and, beginning January 1, 2014, certain volume subscription thresholds.  The Distribution Agreement also provides that dishNET Satellite Broadband has the right, but not the obligation, to purchase certain broadband equipment from HNS to support the sale of the Service.  On February 20, 2014, dishNET Satellite Broadband and HNS amended the Distribution Agreement which, among other things, extended the initial term of the Distribution Agreement through March 1, 2024.  Thereafter, the Distribution Agreement automatically renews for successive one year terms unless either party gives written notice of its intent not to renew to the other party at least 180 days before the expiration of the then-current term.  Upon expiration or termination of the Distribution Agreement, the parties will continue to provide the Service to the then-current dishNET subscribers pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Distribution Agreement.  We incurred expenses payable to HNS of approximately $42 million under the Distribution Agreement during the year ended December 31, 2018 for services from HNS.
During the first quarter 2017, we transitioned our wholesale arrangement with Hughes under the Distribution Agreement to an authorized representative arrangement and entered into the master service agreement ("MSA") with HNS.  See "Hughes Broadband Master Services Agreement" below for further information.  We did not purchase any broadband customer premise equipment from HNS during the year ended December 31, 2018.
Hughes Broadband Master Services Agreement.  In March 2017, DISH Network L.L.C. ("DNLLC") and HNS entered into an MSA pursuant to which DNLLC, among other things: (i) has the right, but not the obligation, to market, promote and solicit orders for the Hughes broadband satellite service and related equipment; and (ii) installs Hughes service equipment with respect to activations generated by DNLLC.  Under the MSA, HNS will make certain payments to DNLLC for each Hughes service activation generated, and installation performed, by DNLLC.  The MSA has an initial term of five years with automatic renewal for successive one year terms.  After the first anniversary of the MSA, either party has the ability to terminate the MSA, in whole or in part, for any reason upon at least 90 days' notice to the other party.  Upon expiration or termination of the MSA, HNS will continue to provide the Hughes service to subscribers and make certain payments to DNLLC pursuant to the terms and conditions of the MSA.  We purchased broadband equipment from HNS of $21 million under the MSA during the year ended December 31, 2018. TerreStar Agreement.  On March 9, 2012, we completed the acquisition of substantially all the assets of TerreStar Networks, Inc. ("TerreStar").  Prior to our acquisition of substantially all the assets of TerreStar and EchoStar's acquisition of Hughes, TerreStar and HNS entered into various agreements pursuant to which HNS provides, among other things, hosting, operations, and maintenance services for TerreStar's satellite gateway and associated ground infrastructure.  These agreements generally may be terminated by us at any time for convenience.  We incurred expenses payable to HNS of approximately $4 million under these agreements during the year ended December 31, 2018.
Intellectual Property and Technology License Agreement.  In connection with the completion of the Share Exchange, effective March 1, 2017, we and EchoStar entered into an Intellectual Property and Technology License Agreement ("IPTLA"), pursuant to which we and EchoStar license to each other certain intellectual property and technology.  The IPTLA will continue in perpetuity, unless mutually terminated by the parties.  Pursuant to the IPTLA, EchoStar granted to us a license to its intellectual property and technology for use, among other things, by us in connection with our continued operation of the Transferred Businesses acquired pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement, including a limited license to use the "ECHOSTAR" trademark during a transition period.  EchoStar retains full ownership of the "ECHOSTAR" trademark.  In addition, we granted a license back to EchoStar for the continued use, among other things, of all intellectual property and technology transferred to us pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement that is used in EchoStar's retained businesses.  No payments were made under the IPTLA during the year ended December 31, 2018.
Patent Cross-License Agreements.  In December 2011, we and EchoStar entered into separate patent cross-license agreements with the same third-party whereby: (i) EchoStar and such third-party licensed their respective patents to each other subject to certain conditions; and (ii) we and such third-party licensed our respective patents to each other subject to certain conditions (each, a "Cross-License Agreement").  Each Cross License Agreement covers patents acquired by the respective party prior to January 1, 2017 and aggregate payments under both Cross-License Agreements total less than $10 million.  Each Cross License Agreement also contains an option to extend each Cross-License Agreement to include patents acquired by the respective party prior to January 1, 2022.  In December 2016, we and EchoStar independently exercised our respective options to extend each Cross-License Agreement.  The aggregate additional payments to such third-party was less than $3 million.  Since the aggregate payments under both Cross-License Agreements were based on the combined annual revenues of us and EchoStar, we and EchoStar agreed to allocate our respective payments to such third-party based on our respective percentage of combined total revenue.   No payments were made under the Cross-License Agreement during the year ended December 31, 2018.
Professional Services Agreement.  Prior to 2010, in connection with the Spin-off, we entered into various agreements with EchoStar including the Transition Services Agreement, Satellite Procurement Agreement and Services Agreement, which all expired on January 1, 2010 and were replaced by a Professional Services Agreement.  During 2009, we and EchoStar agreed that EchoStar shall continue to have the right, but not the obligation, to receive the following services from us, among others, certain of which were previously provided under the Transition Services Agreement: information technology, travel and event coordination, internal audit, legal, accounting and tax, benefits administration, program acquisition services, and other support services. Additionally, we and EchoStar agreed that we shall continue to have the right, but not the obligation, to engage EchoStar to manage the process of procuring new satellite capacity for us (previously provided under the Satellite Procurement Agreement) and receive logistics, procurement and quality assurance services from EchoStar (previously provided under the Services Agreement) and other support services. As part of the Share Exchange Agreement, we and EchoStar agreed that EchoStar would provide us with certain software engineering services and would we would provide EchoStar with certain satellite operations support. The Professional Services Agreement renewed on January 1, 2018 for an additional one-year period until January 1, 2019 and renews automatically for successive one-year periods thereafter, unless terminated earlier by either party upon at least 60 days' notice.  However, either party may terminate the Professional Services Agreement in part with respect to any particular service it receives for any reason upon at least 30 days' notice.  In connection with the completion of the Share Exchange on February 28, 2017, we and EchoStar amended the Professional Services Agreement to, among other things, provide certain transition services to each other related to the Share Exchange Agreement.  We earned revenues of approximately $5 million from EchoStar under the Professional Services Agreement during the year ended December 31, 2018.  We incurred expenses payable to EchoStar of approximately $2 million under the Professional Services Agreement during the year ended December 31, 2018. Real Estate Lease Agreements.  We have entered into lease agreements pursuant to which we lease certain real estate from EchoStar.  The rent on a per square foot basis for each of the leases is comparable to per square foot rental rates of similar commercial property in the same geographic area, and EchoStar is responsible for its portion of the taxes, insurance, utilities, and maintenance of the premises.  We incurred expenses payable to EchoStar of approximately $17 million under these real estate lease agreements during the year ended December 31, 2018.  The term of each lease is set forth below:
· Meridian Lease Agreement.  The lease for all of 9601 S. Meridian Blvd. in Englewood, Colorado was for a period ending on December 31, 2018.  In December 2018, we and EchoStar amended this lease to, among other things, extend the term thereof for one additional year until December 31, 2019.
· Santa Fe Lease Agreement.  The lease for all of 5701 S. Santa Fe Dr. in Littleton, Colorado was for a period ending on December 31, 2018.  In December 2018, we and EchoStar amended this lease to, among other things, extend the term thereof for one additional year until December 31, 2019.
· Cheyenne Lease Agreement.  The lease for certain space at 530 EchoStar Drive in Cheyenne, Wyoming is for a period ending on December 31, 2031.  In connection with the completion of the Share Exchange, EchoStar transferred ownership of a portion of this property to us, and, effective March 1, 2017, we and EchoStar amended this lease agreement to: (i) terminate the lease of certain space at the portion of the property that was transferred to us; and (ii) provide for the continued lease to us of certain space at the portion of the property that EchoStar retained.
· 100 Inverness Lease Agreement.  In connection with the completion of the Share Exchange, effective March 1, 2017, we lease certain space from EchoStar at 100 Inverness Terrace East, Englewood, Colorado for a period ending in December 2020.  This agreement may be terminated by either party upon 180 days' prior notice.
Additionally, since the Spin-off, we have entered into lease agreements pursuant to which we lease certain real estate to EchoStar.  The rent on a per square foot basis for each of the leases is comparable to per square foot rental rates of similar commercial property in the same geographic areas, and EchoStar is responsible for its portion of the taxes, insurance, utilities, and maintenance of the premises.  We earned revenues of approximately $3 million from EchoStar under these real estate leases during both the year ended December 31, 2018.  The term of each lease is set forth below:
· El Paso Lease Agreement.  During 2012, we began leasing certain space at 1285 Joe Battle Blvd., El Paso, Texas to EchoStar for an initial period ending on August 1, 2015, which also provides EchoStar with renewal options for four consecutive three-year terms.  During the second quarter 2015, EchoStar exercised its first renewal option for a period ending on August 1, 2018 and in April 2018 EchoStar exercised its second renewal option for a period ending in August 2021.
· 90 Inverness Lease Agreement.  In connection with the completion of the Share Exchange, effective March 1, 2017, EchoStar leases certain space from us at 90 Inverness Circle East, Englewood, Colorado for a period ending in February 2022.  EchoStar has the option to renew this lease for four three-year periods.
· Cheyenne Lease Agreement.  In connection with the completion of the Share Exchange, effective March 1, 2017, EchoStar leases certain space from us at 530 EchoStar Drive, Cheyenne, Wyoming for a period ending in February 2019.  In August 2018, EchoStar exercised its option to renew this lease for a one-year period ending in February 2020.  EchoStar has the option to renew this lease for twelve one-year periods.
· Gilbert Lease Agreement.  In connection with the completion of the Share Exchange, effective March 1, 2017, EchoStar leases certain space from us at 801 N. DISH Dr., Gilbert, Arizona for a period ending in March 2019.  In August 2018, EchoStar exercised its option to renew this lease for a one-year period ending in February 2020.  EchoStar has the option to renew this lease for twelve one-year periods.
· American Fork Occupancy License Agreement.  In connection with the completion of the Share Exchange, effective March 1, 2017, we acquired the lease for certain space at 796 East Utah Valley Drive, American Fork, Utah, and we sublease certain space at this location to EchoStar for a period ending in August 2017.  In June 2017, EchoStar exercised its five-year renewal option for a period ending in August 2022. In March 2019, we and EchoStar amended this sublease to, among other things, terminate this sublease in March 2019.· Collocation and Antenna Space Agreements.  In connection with the completion of the Share Exchange, effective March 1, 2017, we entered into certain agreements pursuant to which we will provide certain collocation and antenna space to HNS through February 2022 at the following locations:  Cheyenne, Wyoming; Gilbert, Arizona; New Braunfels, Texas; Monee, Illinois; Englewood, Colorado; and Spokane, Washington.  During August 2017, we entered into certain other agreements pursuant to which we will provide certain collocation and antenna space to HNS through August 2022 at the following locations:  Monee, Illinois and Spokane, Washington.  HNS has the option to renew each of these agreements for four three-year periods.  HNS may terminate certain of these agreements with 180 days' prior written notice to us at the following locations:  New Braunfels, Texas; Englewood, Colorado; and Spokane, Washington.  The fees for the services provided under these agreements depend, among other things, on the number of racks leased and/or antennas present at the location.
Rovi License Agreement.  On August 19, 2016, we entered into a ten-year patent license agreement (the "Rovi License Agreement") with Rovi Corporation ("Rovi") and, for certain limited purposes, EchoStar.  EchoStar is a party to the Rovi License Agreement solely with respect to certain provisions relating to the prior patent license agreement between EchoStar and Rovi.  There were no payments between us and EchoStar under the Rovi License Agreement during the year ended December 31, 2018.
Satellite Capacity Agreements
Satellite Capacity Leased from EchoStar.  Since the Spin-off, we have entered into certain satellite capacity agreements pursuant to which we lease certain capacity on certain satellites owned or leased by EchoStar.  The fees for the services provided under these satellite capacity agreements depend, among other things, upon the orbital location of the applicable satellite, the number of transponders that are leased on the applicable satellite and the length of the lease.  We incurred expenses payable to EchoStar of approximately $305 million under satellite capacity agreements during the year ended December 31, 2018.  The term of each lease is set forth below:
· EchoStar VII, X, XI and XIV.  On March 1, 2014, we began leasing all available capacity from EchoStar on the EchoStar VII, X, XI and XIV satellites.  The term of each satellite capacity agreement generally terminates upon the earlier of: (i) the end-of-life of the satellite; (ii) the date the satellite fails; or (iii) a certain date, which depends upon, among other things, the estimated useful life of the satellite.  We generally have the option to renew each satellite capacity agreement on a year-to-year basis through the end of the respective satellite's life.  There can be no assurance that any options to renew such agreements will be exercised.  The satellite capacity agreement for EchoStar VII expired on June 30, 2018.
· EchoStar IX.  We lease certain satellite capacity from EchoStar on EchoStar IX.  Subject to availability, we generally have the right to continue to lease satellite capacity from EchoStar on EchoStar IX on a month-to-month basis.
· EchoStar XII.  The lease for EchoStar XII expired as of September 30, 2017.
· EchoStar XVI.  In December 2009, we entered into a transponder service agreement with EchoStar to lease all of the capacity on EchoStar XVI, a DBS satellite, after its service commencement date.  EchoStar XVI was launched in November 2012 to replace EchoStar XV at the 61.5 degree orbital location and is currently in service.  Effective December 21, 2012, we and EchoStar amended the transponder service agreement to, among other things, change the initial term to generally expire upon the earlier of: (i) the end-of-life or replacement of the satellite; (ii) the date the satellite fails; (iii) the date the transponder(s) on which service is being provided under the agreement fails; or (iv) four years following the actual service commencement date.  In July 2016, we and EchoStar amended the transponder service agreement to, among other things, extend the initial term by one additional year and to reduce the term of the first renewal option by one year.  Prior to expiration of the initial term, we had the option to renew for an additional five-year period.  In May 2017, we exercised our first renewal option for an additional five-year period ending in January 2023.  We also have the option to renew for an additional five-year period prior to expiration of the first renewal period in January 2023.  There can be no assurance that the option to renew this agreement will be exercised. During 2018, we and EchoStar further amended the agreement to, among other things, allow us to place and use certain satellites at the 61.5 degree orbital location. Nimiq 5 Agreement.  During 2009, EchoStar entered into a fifteen-year satellite service agreement with Telesat Canada ("Telesat") to receive service on all 32 DBS transponders on the Nimiq 5 satellite at the 72.7 degree orbital location (the "Telesat Transponder Agreement").  During 2009, EchoStar also entered into a satellite service agreement (the "DISH Nimiq 5 Agreement") with us, pursuant to which we currently receive service from EchoStar on all 32 of the DBS transponders covered by the Telesat Transponder Agreement.  We have also guaranteed certain obligations of EchoStar under the Telesat Transponder Agreement.
Under the terms of the DISH Nimiq 5 Agreement, we make certain monthly payments to EchoStar that commenced in 2009 when the Nimiq 5 satellite was placed into service and continue through the service term.  Unless earlier terminated under the terms and conditions of the DISH Nimiq 5 Agreement, the service term will expire ten years following the date the Nimiq 5 satellite was placed into service.  Upon expiration of the initial term, we have the option to renew the DISH Nimiq 5 Agreement on a year-to-year basis through the end-of-life of the Nimiq 5 satellite.  Upon in-orbit failure or end-of-life of the Nimiq 5 satellite, and in certain other circumstances, we have certain rights to receive service from EchoStar on a replacement satellite.  There can be no assurance that any options to renew the DISH Nimiq 5 Agreement will be exercised or that we will exercise our option to receive service on a replacement satellite.
QuetzSat-1 Lease Agreement.  During 2008, EchoStar entered into a ten-year satellite service agreement with SES Latin America S.A. ("SES"), which provides, among other things, for the provision by SES to EchoStar of service on 32 DBS transponders on the QuetzSat-1 satellite.  During 2008, EchoStar also entered into a transponder service agreement ("QuetzSat-1 Transponder Agreement") with us pursuant to which we receive service from EchoStar on 24 DBS transponders.  QuetzSat-1 was launched on September 29, 2011 and was placed into service during the fourth quarter 2011 at the 67.1 degree orbital location while we and EchoStar explored alternative uses for the QuetzSat-1 satellite.  In the interim, EchoStar provided us with alternate capacity at the 77 degree orbital location.  During the first quarter 2013, we and EchoStar entered into an agreement pursuant to which we sublease five DBS transponders back to EchoStar.  In January 2013, QuetzSat-1 was moved to the 77 degree orbital location and we commenced commercial operations at that location in February 2013.
Unless earlier terminated under the terms and conditions of the QuetzSat-1 Transponder Agreement, the initial service term will expire in November 2021.  Upon expiration of the initial term, we have the option to renew the QuetzSat-1 Transponder Agreement on a year-to-year basis through the end-of-life of the QuetzSat-1 satellite.  Upon an in-orbit failure or end-of-life of the QuetzSat-1 satellite, and in certain other circumstances, we have certain rights to receive service from EchoStar on a replacement satellite.  There can be no assurance that any options to renew the QuetzSat-1 Transponder Agreement will be exercised or that we will exercise our option to receive service on a replacement satellite.
103 Degree Orbital Location/SES-3.  In May 2012, EchoStar entered into a spectrum development agreement (the "103 Spectrum Development Agreement") with Ciel Satellite Holdings Inc. ("Ciel") to develop certain spectrum rights at the 103 degree orbital location (the "103 Spectrum Rights").  In June 2013, we and EchoStar entered into a spectrum development agreement (the "DISH 103 Spectrum Development Agreement") pursuant to which we may use and develop the 103 Spectrum Rights.  Both the 103 Spectrum Development Agreement and DISH 103 Spectrum Development Agreement were terminated on March 31, 2018.
In connection with the 103 Spectrum Development Agreement, in May 2012, EchoStar also entered into a ten-year service agreement with Ciel pursuant to which EchoStar leases certain satellite capacity from Ciel on the SES-3 satellite at the 103 degree orbital location (the "103 Service Agreement").  In June 2013, we and EchoStar entered into an agreement pursuant to which we lease certain satellite capacity from EchoStar on the SES-3 satellite (the "DISH 103 Service Agreement").  Under the terms of the DISH 103 Service Agreement, we make certain monthly payments to EchoStar through the service term.  Both the 103 Service Agreement and DISH 103 Service Agreement were terminated on March 31, 2018. Tax Matters Agreement.  In connection with the completion of the Share Exchange, we and EchoStar entered into a Tax Matters Agreement, which governs certain rights, responsibilities, and obligations with respect to taxes of the Transferred Businesses pursuant to the Share Exchange.  Generally, EchoStar is responsible for all tax returns and tax liabilities for the Transferred Businesses for periods prior to the Share Exchange and we are responsible for all tax returns and tax liabilities for the Transferred Businesses from and after the Share Exchange.  Both we and EchoStar have made certain tax-related representations and are subject to various tax-related covenants after the consummation of the Share Exchange.  Both we and EchoStar have agreed to indemnify each other if there is a breach of any such tax representation or violation of any such tax covenant and that breach or violation results in the Share Exchange not qualifying for tax free treatment for the other party.  In addition, we have agreed to indemnify EchoStar if the Transferred Businesses are acquired, either directly or indirectly (e.g., via an acquisition of DISH Network), by one or more persons and such acquisition results in the Share Exchange not qualifying for tax free treatment. The Tax Matters Agreement supplements the Tax Sharing Agreement outlined below, which continues in full force and effect.
Tax Sharing Agreement.  In connection with the Spin-off, we entered into a tax sharing agreement (the "Tax Sharing Agreement") with EchoStar which governs our respective rights, responsibilities, and obligations after the Spin-off with respect to taxes for the periods ending on or before the Spin-off.  Generally, all pre-Spin-off taxes, including any taxes that are incurred as a result of restructuring activities undertaken to implement the Spin-off, are borne by us, and we will indemnify EchoStar for such taxes.  However, we are not liable for, and will not indemnify EchoStar for, any taxes that are incurred as a result of the Spin-off or certain related transactions failing to qualify as tax-free distributions pursuant to any provision of Section 355 or Section 361 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") because of: (i) a direct or indirect acquisition of any of EchoStar's stock, stock options, or assets; (ii) any action that EchoStar takes or fails to take; or (iii) any action that EchoStar takes that is inconsistent with the information and representations furnished to the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") in connection with the request for the private letter ruling, or to counsel in connection with any opinion being delivered by counsel with respect to the Spin-off or certain related transactions.  In such case, EchoStar is solely liable for, and will indemnify us for, any resulting taxes, as well as any losses, claims, and expenses.  The Tax Sharing Agreement will only terminate after the later of the full period of all applicable statutes of limitations, including extensions, or once all rights and obligations are fully effectuated or performed.
In light of the Tax Sharing Agreement, among other things, and in connection with our consolidated federal income tax returns for certain tax years prior to and for the year of the Spin-off, during the third quarter 2013, we and EchoStar agreed upon a supplemental allocation of the tax benefits arising from certain tax items resolved in the course of the IRS's examination of these consolidated tax returns.  As a result, we agreed to pay EchoStar $84 million of the tax benefit we received or will receive.  Any payment to EchoStar, including accrued interest, will be made at such time as EchoStar would have otherwise been able to realize such tax benefit.  In addition, during the third quarter 2013, we and EchoStar agreed upon a tax sharing arrangement for filing certain combined state income tax returns and a method of allocating the respective tax liabilities between us and EchoStar for such combined returns, through the taxable period ending on December 31, 2017 (the "State Tax Arrangement").
During the third quarter 2018, we and EchoStar amended the Tax Sharing Agreement and the 2013 agreements (the "Amendment").  Under the Amendment, among other things, we are entitled to apply the benefit of EchoStar's 2009 net operating losses to our federal tax return for the year ended December 31, 2008, in exchange for paying EchoStar over time the value of the net annual federal income taxes paid by EchoStar that would have been otherwise offset by their 2009 net operating loss.  In addition, the Amendment extends the term of the State Tax Arrangement for filing certain combined state income tax returns to the earlier to occur of (1) termination of the Tax Sharing Agreement, (2) a change in control of either us or EchoStar or, (3) for any particular state, if we and EchoStar no longer file a combined tax return for such state.
We and EchoStar file combined income tax returns in certain states.  In 2015 and 2014, EchoStar earned and recognized a tax benefit for certain state income tax credits that EchoStar estimates it would be unable to utilize in the future if it had filed separately from us.  In addition, EchoStar earned and recognized tax benefits for certain federal income tax credits, a portion of which were allocated to us under IRS rules for affiliated companies.  We expect to utilize these tax credits to reduce our federal and state income tax payable in the future.  In accordance with accounting rules that apply to transfers of assets between entities under common control, we recorded a capital contribution of less than $1 million for each of the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively, in "Additional paid-in capital" on our Consolidated Balance Sheets representing the amount that we estimate is more likely than not to be realized by us as a result of our utilization of these tax credits earned.  Any payments made to EchoStar related to the utilization of these credits will be recorded as a reduction to "Additional paid-in capital" on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. TiVo.  On April 29, 2011, we and EchoStar entered into a settlement agreement with TiVo Inc. ("TiVo").  The settlement resolved all pending litigation between us and EchoStar, on the one hand, and TiVo, on the other hand, including litigation relating to alleged patent infringement involving certain DISH TV digital video recorders, or DVRs.
Under the settlement agreement, all pending litigation was dismissed with prejudice and all injunctions that permanently restrain, enjoin, or compel any action by us or EchoStar were dissolved.  We and EchoStar are jointly responsible for making payments to TiVo in the aggregate amount of $500 million, including an initial payment of $300 million and the remaining $200 million in six equal annual installments between 2012 and 2017.  Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the agreements entered into in connection with the Spin-off of EchoStar from us, we made the initial payment to TiVo in May 2011, except for the contribution from EchoStar totaling approximately $10 million, representing an allocation of liability relating to EchoStar's sales of DVR-enabled receivers to an international customer.  Future payments were allocated between us and EchoStar based on historical sales of certain licensed products, with us being responsible for 95% of each annual payment.  Pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement, we were responsible for EchoStar's allocation of the final payment to TiVo, which was paid July 31, 2017.
TT&C Agreement.  Effective January 1, 2012, we entered into a telemetry, tracking and control ("TT&C") agreement pursuant to which we receive TT&C services from EchoStar for certain satellites (the "TT&C Agreement").  In February 2018, we amended the TT&C Agreement to, among other things, extend the term for one-year with four automatic one-year renewal periods.  The fees for services provided under the TT&C Agreement are calculated at either: (i) a fixed fee; or (ii) cost plus a fixed margin, which will vary depending on the nature of the services provided.  We and EchoStar are able to terminate the TT&C Agreement for any reason upon 12 months' notice.  We incurred expenses payable to EchoStar of approximately $5 million under the TT&C Agreement during the year ended December 31, 2018.
Related Party Transactions with NagraStar L.L.C. ("NagraStar")
As a result of the completion of the Share Exchange on February 28, 2017, we own a 50% interest in NagraStar L.L.C. ("NagraStar"), a joint venture that is our primary provider of encryption and related security systems intended to assure that only authorized customers have access to our programming.  During the year ended December 31, 2018, we purchased from NagraStar security access and other services, at an aggregate cost to us of $72 million.  As of December 31, 2018, amounts payable to NagraStar totaled $10 million.
Related Party Transactions with Dish Mexico
Dish Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. ("Dish Mexico") is an entity owned 49.0% by EchoStar that provides direct-to-home satellite services in Mexico.  We provide certain broadcast services and sell hardware such as digital set-top boxes and related components to Dish Mexico.  During the year ended December 31, 2018, we sold Dish Mexico approximately $1 million in digital receivers and related components and approximately $5 million in uplink services.  As of December 31, 2018, amounts receivable from Dish Mexico totaled $1 million.
Certain Related Party Transactions with Certain Members of Our Board of Directors
Ergen Family.  During 2018, Mrs. Ergen served as a Senior Advisor and as a member of our Board of Directors, and we paid her approximately $100,000.  During 2018, we employed Mrs. Katie Flynn, the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Ergen, as a Program Manager and paid her approximately $50,000.  During 2018, we also employed Mr. Christopher Ergen, the son of Mr. and Mrs. Ergen, as a Business Analyst and paid him approximately $25,000.  During 2019, we expect to continue to employ Mrs. Ergen, Mrs. Flynn, Mr. Christopher Ergen and certain other Ergen children. While the amount paid during 2019 will depend on the time and services that will be provided, we expect to pay Mrs. Ergen approximately $100,000, Mrs. Flynn approximately $75,000, Mr. Christopher Ergen approximately $85,000 (the increase from 2018 is based on a new full-time role Mr. Christopher Ergen started in December 2018) and certain other Ergen children approximately $25,000 in the aggregate during 2019. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES
Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in 2018.  KPMG LLP served as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018, and the Board has proposed that our shareholders ratify the appointment of KPMG LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2019.  Please see Proposal No. 2 below.  The Audit Committee, in its discretion, may direct the appointment of a different independent registered public accounting firm at any time during the year if the Audit Committee believes that a change would be in the best interests of DISH Network.
Fees Paid to KPMG LLP for 2018 and 2017
The following table presents fees for professional audit services rendered by KPMG LLP for the audit of our annual financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, and fees billed for other services rendered by KPMG LLP during those periods.
[BEGIN TABLE]
         For the Years Ended    December 31,      
         2018       2017      
 Audit Fees (1)       $   2,960,000       $   3,541,769      
 Audit-Related   Fees (2)       —       —      
 Total Audit and Audit-Related   Fees       2,960,000       3,541,769      
 Tax Compliance   Fees       408,836       160,305      
 Tax Consultation   Fees       —       —      
 All Other Fees       —       —      
 Total   Fees       $   3,368,836       $   3,702,074      
[END TABLE]
(1)  Consists of fees paid by us for the audit of our consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, review of our unaudited financial statements included in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and fees in connection with the audit of our internal control over financial reporting.
(2)  Consists of fees for Attestation services for tax compliance requirements.
Policy on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
The Audit Committee is responsible for appointing, setting compensation, retaining, and overseeing the work of our independent registered public accounting firm.  The Audit Committee has established a process regarding pre-approval of all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm.  We may not engage our independent registered public accounting firm to render any audit or non-audit service unless either the service is approved in advance by the Audit Committee or the engagement to render the service is entered into pursuant to the Audit Committee's preapproval policies and procedures.
Requests are submitted to the Audit Committee in one of the following ways:
· Request for approval of services at a meeting of the Audit Committee; or
· Request for approval of services by members of the Audit Committee acting by written consent.
The request may be made with respect to either specific services or a type of service for predictable or recurring services.  100% of the fees paid by us to KPMG LLP for services rendered in 2018 and 2017 were pre-approved by the Audit Committee. REPORT OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE
The role of the Audit Committee is to assist DISH Network's Board of Directors in its oversight of DISH Network's financial reporting process, as is more fully described in its charter. DISH Network's management is responsible for its financial reporting process, including its system of internal controls, and for the preparation and presentation of its consolidated financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.  DISH Network's independent registered public accounting firm is responsible for auditing those financial statements and expressing an opinion as to their conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.  Our responsibility is to monitor and review these processes.  It is not our duty or our responsibility to conduct auditing or accounting reviews or procedures.  We are not and may not be employees of DISH Network, and we may not represent ourselves to be, or to serve as, accountants or auditors by profession or experts in the fields of accounting or auditing.  Therefore, we have relied, without independent verification, on representations by DISH Network's management that its financial statements have been prepared with integrity and objectivity and in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.  We have also relied on representations of DISH Network's independent registered public accounting firm included in their report on its financial statements.  Our oversight does not provide us with an independent basis to determine that management has maintained appropriate accounting and financial reporting principles or policies or appropriate internal controls and procedures designed to assure compliance with accounting standards and applicable laws and regulations.  Furthermore, our considerations and discussions with DISH Network's management and independent registered public accounting firm do not assure that DISH Network's financial statements are presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, that the audit of DISH Network's financial statements has been carried out in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB"), or that DISH Network's independent registered public accounting firm is in fact "independent."
In the performance of our oversight function, we reviewed and discussed with DISH Network's management its audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018.  We also discussed these audited financial statements with DISH Network's independent registered public accounting firm.  Our discussions with the independent registered public accounting firm included the matters required to be discussed by PCAOB Auditing Standard No. 1301, "Communications with Audit Committees," as currently in effect.  We also discussed with them their independence and any relationship that might affect their objectivity or independence.  In connection with these discussions, we reviewed the written disclosures and the letter from KPMG LLP required by applicable requirements of the PCAOB.   Finally, we have considered whether the non-audit services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm are compatible with maintaining their independence.
Based on the reviews and discussions referred to above, we are not aware of any relationship between the independent registered public accounting firm and DISH Network that affects the objectivity or independence of the independent registered public accounting firm.  Based on these discussions and our review discussed above, we recommended to DISH Network's Board of Directors that its audited financial statements for fiscal 2017 be included in DISH Network's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 for filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Respectfully submitted,
The DISH Network Audit Committee
Tom A. Ortolf (Chairman)
Kathleen Q. Abernathy
George R. Brokaw
Charles M. Lillis
Afshin Mohebbi
The report of the Audit Committee and the information contained therein shall not be deemed to be "soliciting material" or "filed" or incorporated by reference in any filing we make under the Securities Act or under the Exchange Act, irrespective of any general statement incorporating by reference this Proxy Statement into any such filing, or subject to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, except to the extent that we specifically incorporate this information by reference into a document we file under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. PROPOSAL NO. 2 — RATIFICATION OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
We customarily ask our shareholders to ratify the appointment of our independent registered public accounting firm at each annual meeting.  The Audit Committee and the Board have selected and appointed KPMG LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2019 and we are asking our shareholders to ratify this appointment at the Annual Meeting.  Even if the selection is ratified, the Audit Committee in its discretion may select a different independent public registered accounting firm at any time if it determines that such a change would be in the best interests of DISH Network.  Representatives of KPMG LLP are expected to be present at the Annual Meeting and will have the opportunity to make any statements they may desire.  They also will be available to respond to appropriate questions of shareholders.
Charles W. Ergen, our Chairman, currently possesses approximately 91.3% of the total voting power.  Please see "Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management" above. Mr. Ergen has indicated his intention to vote in favor of Proposal No. 2.  Accordingly, approval of Proposal No. 2 is assured notwithstanding a contrary vote by any or all shareholders other than Mr. Ergen.
The Board of Directors unanimously recommends a vote FOR approval of Proposal No. 2 (Item No. 2 on the enclosed proxy card).
PROPOSAL NO. 3 — APPROVAL OF THE 2019 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN
Our Board adopted our 2019 Stock Incentive Plan, subject to approval from our shareholders. The purpose of the 2019 Stock Incentive Plan is to allow us to grant new equity awards after the 2009 Stock Incentive Plan expires on May 11, 2019. The 2019 Stock Incentive Plan is attached as Appendix A to this Proxy Statement. The principal provisions of the 2019 Stock Incentive Plan are summarized below. This summary and the features of the 2019 Stock Incentive Plan set forth below do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the provisions of the 2019 Stock Incentive Plan.
General Information
The 2019 Stock Incentive Plan authorizes the Board of Directors or a committee appointed by the Board of Directors (the "Plan Committee") to grant incentive stock options, nonqualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance awards, dividend equivalents and other stock-based awards (collectively, "Awards") to key employees, consultants, or advisors of DISH Network and its subsidiaries who are designated by the Plan Committee. The Plan Committee may also grant Awards to all employees if they are part of a broad-based performance incentive plan approved by the Plan Committee. The Plan Committee also has the authority to, among other things: (i) select the employees, consultants, or advisors to whom Awards will be granted, (ii) determine the type, size and the terms and conditions of Awards, (iii) amend the terms and conditions of Awards, (iv) accelerate the exercisability of Awards or the lapse of restrictions relating to Awards and (v) interpret and administer the 2019 Stock Incentive Plan and award agreements thereunder.
As used in this summary of the 2019 Stock Incentive Plan, the term "Plan Committee" will include the Board of Directors in the event that it performs the functions described. If the Plan Committee consists of less than the entire Board, each member must be a "nonemployee director" within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The Plan Committee may determine the extent to which any Award under the 2019 Stock Incentive Plan is required to comply or not comply with Section 409A of the Code.  In addition, DISH Network retains the discretion to make grants to its Code Section 162(m) covered executives that are not deductible.  Section 162(m) generally denies a deduction to a publicly held corporation for payments of remuneration to certain covered employees to the extent the employee's remuneration for the taxable year exceeds $1,000,000. The aggregate number of Class A Shares that may be issued subject to Awards under the 2019 Stock Incentive Plan shall not exceed 80,000,000 Class A Shares.  Class A Shares subject to awards that are assumed, converted or substituted under the 2019 Stock Incentive Plan as a result of the Company's acquisition of another company (including by way of merger, combination or similar transaction) will not count against the number of Class A Shares that may be granted under the 2019 Stock Incentive Plan.  Available shares under a stockholder approved plan of an acquired company (as adjusted to reflect the transaction) may be used for awards under the 2019 Stock Incentive Plan and do not reduce the maximum number of Class A Shares available for grant under the 2019 Stock Incentive Plan, subject to applicable NASDAQ requirements.  If there is a stock split, stock dividend or other relevant change affecting our Class A Shares, appropriate adjustments will be made in the number of Class A Shares that may be issued in the future and in the number of our Class A Shares and price in all outstanding grants made before such event. If Class A Shares under a grant are not purchased or are forfeited or if an Award otherwise terminates without delivery of any Class A Shares or is settled in cash, those Class A Shares would again be available for inclusion in future grants.
Grants under the 2019 Stock Incentive Plan
Stock Options
The Plan Committee will determine whether any option is a nonqualified or incentive stock option at the time of grant. The per share exercise price of an option granted under the 2019 Stock Incentive Plan will be determined by the Plan Committee at the time of grant, provided that the purchase price per share for each option must not be less than 100% of the fair market value of the Class A Shares as of the date of grant or the last trading day prior to the date of grant (if the date of grant is not a trading date) (110% in the case of an incentive stock option granted to a Ten-Percent Stockholder, as defined in the 2019 Stock Incentive Plan). Each option will be exercisable at such dates and in such installments as determined by the Plan Committee. Each option terminates at the time determined by the Plan Committee provided that the term of each incentive stock option may not exceed ten years (five years in the case of an incentive stock option granted to a Ten-Percent Stockholder) and the term of each nonqualified stock option may not exceed ten years and three months from the date of grant.
The Plan Committee may grant restoration options, separately or together with another option, under which the grantee would be granted a new option when the grantee pays the exercise price of the original option by delivery of previously owned Class A Shares. The restoration option would permit the grantee to purchase a number of Class A Shares not exceeding the sum of (i) the number of Class A Shares provided as consideration upon the exercise of the previously granted option to which such restoration option relates and (ii) the number of Class A Shares, if any, tendered or withheld as payment of the amount to be withheld under applicable tax laws in connection with the exercise of the option to which the restoration option relates.
Stock Appreciation Rights
The Plan Committee may grant stock appreciation rights ("SARs") which confer to the grantee the right to receive upon exercise thereof the excess, if any, of the fair market value of the Class A Shares subject thereto on the date of exercise over the grant price of the SAR (which shall not be less than the fair market value of such Class A Shares on the date of grant). The grant price, term, dates and methods of exercisability and all other terms and conditions of an SAR shall be fixed by the Plan Committee.
Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units
The Plan Committee may also grant restricted Class A Shares or restricted stock units. Each grant shall set forth a restriction period during which the grantee must remain in the employ of DISH Network or its subsidiaries in order to retain the Class A Shares under grant. If the grantee's employment terminates during the restriction period, all Class A Shares subject to restriction shall be forfeited and reacquired by DISH Network. However, the Plan Committee may provide complete or partial exceptions to this requirement. Neither restricted stock nor restricted stock units may be disposed of prior to the expiration of the restriction period. All terms and conditions shall be determined by the Plan Committee upon grant of restricted stock or restricted stock units. Each certificate issued upon grant of restricted stock would bear a legend giving notice of the restrictions in the grant. Performance Awards
The Plan Committee may grant performance awards under which payment may be made in Class A Shares, cash or other securities. Awards may be made upon achievement of certain goals established by the Plan Committee during an award period. The Plan Committee would determine the goals, the length of an award period, the maximum payment value of an award, the minimum performance required before a payment would be made and any other terms and conditions applicable to a performance award.
Dividend Equivalents
The Plan Committee may grant dividend equivalents (other than in connection with options or stock appreciation rights) which confer upon participants the right to receive a payment (in cash, Class A Shares, other securities, other Awards or other property) equal to the amount of cash dividends paid by DISH Network to shareholders with respect to a specified number of Class A Shares determined by the Plan Committee. The Plan Committee will also establish all terms and conditions applicable to a dividend equivalent grant.
Other Stock-Based Awards
The Plan Committee may also grant such other Awards that are denominated or payable in, valued in whole or in part by reference to, or otherwise based on or related to, the Class A Shares. The Plan Committee shall determine the terms and conditions of such Awards.
All Awards issued under the 2019 Stock Incentive Plan may be paid by DISH Network in Class A Shares, cash, promissory notes, other securities, other Awards or such other property or combination thereof as shall be determined by the Plan Committee. All such Awards may be paid in a single payment or transfer, or in installments or on a deferred basis, in each case in accordance with rules and procedures established by the Plan Committee.
Exchange Program Flexibility Under 2019 Stock Incentive Plan
The 2019 Stock Incentive Plan permits the Plan Committee to institute one or more exchange programs without further approval of our shareholders. An exchange program is a program under which outstanding awards are surrendered or cancelled in exchange for awards of the same type (which may have lower exercise prices and different terms), awards of a different type, and/or cash, or in which the exercise price of an outstanding award is reduced.
We are unable to predict with certainty the impact of any future exchange program on our shareholders because for example we are unable to predict how many or which employees will exchange their eligible awards under any such exchange program nor have we established the terms of such exchange program. Nonetheless, it is possible that an exchange program may substantially increase our reported compensation expense if our Plan Committee determines that such an exchange program is necessary to fulfill the goals of DISH Network's equity compensation program.
U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences
Following is a general summary of the U.S. Federal income tax consequences of participating in the 2019 Stock Incentive Plan.  This summary does not address all aspects of the U.S. Federal income tax consequences of participating in the Plan that may be relevant to individual grantees and does not discuss any state, local or foreign tax consequences of participating in the 2019 Stock Incentive Plan. Stock Options
The grant of an incentive stock option or a nonqualified stock option would not result in income for the grantee or in a deduction for DISH Network.
The exercise of a nonqualified stock option would result in ordinary income for the grantee and a deduction for DISH Network measured by the difference between the option price and the fair market value of the Class A Shares received at the time of exercise. Income tax withholding would be required.
The exercise of an incentive stock option would not result in income for the grantee if the grantee (i) does not dispose of the Class A Shares within two years after the date of grant or one year after the transfer of Class A Shares upon exercise, whichever is later, and (ii) is an employee of DISH Network or a subsidiary of DISH Network from the date of grant until three months before the exercise date. If these requirements are met, the basis of the Class A Shares upon later disposition would be the option exercise price for such shares. Any gain will be taxed to the employee as long-term capital gain and DISH Network would not be entitled to a deduction. The excess of the fair market value on the exercise date over the option exercise price is an item of tax preference, potentially subject to the alternative minimum tax.
If the grantee of an award under an incentive stock option disposes of the Class A Shares prior to the expiration of either of the holding periods, the grantee would recognize ordinary income and DISH Network would be entitled to a deduction equal to the lesser of the fair market value of the Class A Shares on the exercise date minus the option exercise price or the amount realized on disposition minus the option exercise price. Any gain in excess of the ordinary income portion would be taxable as long-term or short-term capital gain.
SARS, Performance Awards and Dividend Equivalents
The grant of an SAR, a performance award or a dividend equivalent generally should not result in income for the grantee or a deduction for DISH Network. Upon the exercise of an SAR or the receipt of Class A Shares or cash under a performance award or dividend equivalent, the grantee would recognize ordinary income and, subject to deduction limitations under Section 162(m), if applicable, DISH Network would be entitled to a deduction equal to the fair market value of the Class A Shares or the amount of any cash received.
Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units
The grant of restricted stock should not result in income for the grantee or in a deduction for DISH Network for Federal income tax purposes, assuming the Class A Shares transferred are subject to restrictions resulting in a "substantial risk of forfeiture" as intended by DISH Network and no Section 83(b) election is made. Upon lapse of the restrictions, the grantee would recognize ordinary income equal to the fair market value of the Class A Shares on the date of lapse and DISH Network would be entitled to a corresponding deduction, subject to the deduction limitations under Section 162(m), if applicable.  If there are no such restrictions or a Section 83(b) election is made, the grantee would recognize ordinary income upon receipt of the Class A Shares equal to the fair market value of the Class A Shares on grant and DISH Network would be entitled to a corresponding deduction, subject to deduction limitations under Section 162(m), if applicable.  The grant of restricted stock units generally should not result in income for the grantee or a deduction for DISH Network.  Upon distribution of the Class A Shares or cash underlying the restricted stock units, the grantee would recognize ordinary income in an amount equal to the amount of cash or the fair market value (measured on the distribution date) of the Class A Shares received, and DISH Network would be entitled to a corresponding deduction, subject to the deduction limitations under Section 162(m), if applicable.  If no Section 83(b) election is made, dividends paid to the grantee while restricted stock remains subject to restrictions would be treated as compensation for Federal income tax purposes and DISH Network would receive a corresponding tax deduction, subject to the deduction limitations under Section 162(m), if applicable.  If a Section 83(b) election is made, dividends paid on the shares will be subject to the normal rules regarding distributions on stock. Requirements Regarding "Deferred Compensation"
Certain of the Awards under the 2019 Stock Incentive Plan may constitute "non-qualified deferred compensation" subject to Section 409A of the Code. Failure to comply with the requirements of the provisions of the Code regarding participant elections and the timing of payment distributions could result in the affected participants being required to recognize ordinary income for tax purposes earlier than the times otherwise applicable as described in the above discussion and to pay substantial penalties.
Other Information
The 2019 Stock Incentive Plan has a term of ten years, expiring on April 29, 2029, unless terminated earlier by the Board or extended by the Board with approval of the shareholders. The Board may amend the 2019 Stock Incentive Plan as it deems advisable, except that no amendment will become effective without prior approval of our shareholders if such approval is necessary for continued compliance with Nasdaq rules and regulations. The maximum aggregate number of Class A Shares that may be issued under the 2019 Stock Incentive Plan through incentive stock options may not exceed 80,000,000.
New Plan Benefits Table
It is not possible to determine the actual amount of Awards that will be granted under the 2019 Stock Incentive Plan in fiscal year 2019 or in future years because the Awards granted are discretionary.  We expect that future Awards under the 2019 Stock Incentive Plan will be granted in a manner consistent with the historical grant of Awards under the 2009 Stock Incentive Plan.
Charles W. Ergen, our Chairman, currently possesses approximately 91.3% of the total voting power. Please see "Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management" above.  Mr. Ergen has indicated his intention to vote in favor of Proposal No. 3. Accordingly, approval of Proposal No. 3 is assured notwithstanding a contrary vote by any and all shareholders other than Mr. Ergen.
The Board of Directors unanimously recommends a vote FOR approval of Proposal No. 3 (Item No. 3 on the enclosed proxy card) WHERE TO GET ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
As a reporting company, we are subject to the informational requirements of the Exchange Act and accordingly file our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements, and other information with the SEC.  As an electronic filer, our public filings are maintained on the SEC's website that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC.  The address of that website is http://www.sec.gov.  In addition, our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act may be accessed free of charge through our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we have electronically filed such material with, or furnished it to, the SEC.  The address of that website is http://www.ir.dish.com.
COST OF PROXY STATEMENT
We will bear the cost of the solicitation of proxies on behalf of the Board.  In addition to the use of the mail, proxies may be solicited by us personally, by telephone, or by similar means.  None of our directors, officers, or employees will be specifically compensated for those activities.  We do not expect to pay any compensation for the solicitation of proxies.  However, we will reimburse brokerage firms, custodians, nominees, fiduciaries, and other persons holding our shares in their names, or in the names of nominees, at approved rates for their reasonable expenses in forwarding proxy materials to beneficial owners of securities held of record by them and obtaining their proxies.
SHAREHOLDER COMMUNICATIONS
General.  We provide an informal process for shareholders to send communications to our Board and its members.  Shareholders who wish to contact the Board or any of its members may do so by writing to DISH Network Corporation, Attn:  Board of Directors, 9601 S. Meridian Blvd., Englewood, Colorado 80112.  At the direction of the Board of Directors, all mail received will be opened and screened for security purposes.  Correspondence directed to an individual Board member is referred to that member.  Correspondence not directed to a particular Board member is referred to Timothy A. Messner, Executive Vice President and General Counsel.
Submission of Shareholder Proposals and Director Nominations for 2020 Annual Meeting.  Shareholders who intend to have a proposal or director nomination considered for inclusion in our proxy materials for presentation at our 2020 Annual Meeting of Shareholders must submit the proposal or director nomination to us no later than November 18, 2019.  In accordance with our Bylaws, for a proposal or director nomination not included in our proxy materials to be brought before the 2020 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, a shareholder's notice of the proposal or director nomination that the shareholder wishes to present must be delivered to Timothy A. Messner, Executive Vice President and General Counsel, at DISH Network Corporation, 9601 S. Meridian Blvd., Englewood, Colorado 80112 not less than 90 nor more than 120 days prior to the first anniversary of the 2019 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.  Accordingly, any notice given pursuant to our Bylaws and outside the process of Rule 14a-8 must be received no earlier than December 30, 2019 and no later than January 29, 2020.  We reserve the right to reject, rule out of order or take other appropriate action with respect to any proposal or director nomination that does not comply with these and other applicable requirements.
OTHER BUSINESS
Management knows of no other business that will be presented at the Annual Meeting other than that which is set forth in this Proxy Statement.  However, if any other matter is properly presented at the Annual Meeting, the persons named in the accompanying proxy card will have discretionary authority to vote on such matter.
By Order of the Board of Directors
BRANDON EHRHART
Secretary Appendix A
DISH NETWORK CORPORATION
2019 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN
Section 1.  Purpose; Prior Plan
The purpose of this DISH Network Corporation 2019  Stock Incentive Plan (the "Plan") is to promote the interests of DISH Network Corporation (the "Company") and its Subsidiaries by aiding the Company in attracting and retaining Participants capable of assuring the future success of the Company, to offer such personnel incentives to put forth maximum efforts for the success of the Company's business and to afford such personnel an opportunity to acquire a proprietary interest in the Company.  Awards granted as of, on or after the Effective Date will be granted under this Plan,  but the Plan will not affect the terms or conditions of any award made under the Company's 2009 Stock Incentive Plan (the "2009 Plan") or any predecessor plan before the Effective Date.  Effective as of the Effective Date, no additional awards will be granted under the 2009 Plan.
Section 2.  Definitions
As used in the Plan, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below:
(a)                                 "Award" shall mean an award granted to a Participant in accordance with the terms of this Plan in the form of Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Awards, Dividend Equivalents or Other Stock-Based Awards granted under the Plan, or any combination of the foregoing. As used in the context of an Exchange Program, the term "Award" shall include any awards granted under any predecessor plan of the Company or its predecessors, including without limitation the Company's 1999 Stock Incentive Plan and 1995 Stock Incentive Plan.
(b)                                 "Award Agreement" shall mean any written agreement, contract or other instrument or document evidencing any Award granted under the Plan.
(c)                                  "Code" shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, and any regulations promulgated thereunder.
(d)                                 "Committee" shall mean the committee described in Section 3 of the Plan.
(e)                                  "Company" shall mean DISH Network Corporation, a Nevada corporation, and any successor corporation.
(f)                                   "Dividend Equivalent" shall mean any right granted under Section 6(e) of the Plan.
(g)                                  "Exchange Act" shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
(h)                                 "Exchange Program" means a program under which (i) outstanding Awards are surrendered or cancelled in exchange for Awards of the same type (which may have lower exercise prices and different terms), Awards of a different type, and/or cash, and/or (ii) the exercise price of an outstanding Award is reduced. The terms and conditions of any Exchange Program will be determined by the Committee in its discretion and shall not require separate approval by the Company's shareholders.
(i)                                     "Key Employee" shall mean any person, including officers and directors, in the regular full-time employment of the Company or a Subsidiary who, in the opinion of the Committee, is, or is expected to be, primarily responsible for the management, growth or protection of some part or all of the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries or otherwise to contribute substantially to the success of the Company and its Subsidiaries.
(j)                                    "Fair Market Value" shall mean, with respect to Shares, the final closing price, as quoted by the National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotation System ("NASDAQ") or any other exchange on which the Shares are traded, for the date in question.  If Fair Market Value is in reference to property other than Shares, the Fair Market Value of such other property shall be determined by such methods or procedures as shall be established from time to time by the Committee. (k)                                 "Incentive Stock Option" shall mean an option granted under Section 6(a) of the Plan that is intended to meet the requirements of Section 422 of the Code or any successor provision.
(l)                                     "Nonemployee Director" shall mean a director of the Company who is a "nonemployee director" within the meaning of Rule 16b-3.
(m)                             "Non-Qualified Stock Option" shall mean an option granted under Section 6(a) of the Plan that is not intended to be an Incentive Stock Option.
(n)                                 "Option" shall mean an Incentive Stock Option or a Non-Qualified Stock Option, and shall include Restoration Options.
(o)                                 "Other Stock-Based Award" shall mean any right granted under Section 6(f) of the Plan.
(p)                                 "Participant" shall mean (1) any Key Employee designated to be granted an Award under the Plan by the Committee,  (2) a consultant or advisor currently providing services to the Company or Subsidiary (by contract or otherwise) designated to be granted an Award under the Plan by the Committee, or (3) any employee of the Company or Subsidiary designated to be granted an Award under the Plan by the Committee if such grant is part of a broad-based performance incentive program.
(q)                                 "Performance Award" shall mean any right granted under Section 6(d) of the Plan.
(r)                                    "Person" shall mean any individual, corporation, partnership, association or trust.
(s)                                   "Plan" shall mean this 2019 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time.
(t)                                    "Restoration Option" shall mean any Option granted under Section 6(a)(iv) of the Plan which confers upon the Participant the right to receive a new Option upon the payment of the exercise price of a previously held Option by delivery of previously owned Shares.
(u)                                 "Restricted Stock" shall mean any Share granted under Section 6(c) of the Plan, subject to such restrictions as the Committee deems appropriate or desirable.
(v)                                 "Restricted Stock Unit" shall mean any unit granted under Section 6(c) of the Plan evidencing the right to receive a Share (or a cash payment equal to the Fair Market Value of a Share) at some future date.
(w)                               "Retirement" shall mean becoming eligible to receive immediate retirement benefits under a retirement or pension plan of the Company or any Subsidiary.
(x)                                 "Rule 16b-3" shall mean Rule 16b-3 promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any successor rule or regulation.
(y)                                 "Shares" shall mean shares of Class A Common Stock, $.01 par value, of the Company or such other securities or property as may become subject to Awards pursuant to an adjustment made under Section 4(e) of the Plan.
(z)                                  "Stock Appreciation Right" shall mean any right granted under Section 6(b) of the Plan.
(aa)                          "Subsidiary" shall mean any corporation (other than the Company) in an unbroken chain of corporations beginning with the Company if each of the corporations other than the last corporation in the unbroken chain owns 50% or more of the voting stock or other equity interests in one of the other corporations in such chain.
(bb)                          "Ten-Percent Stockholder" shall mean an individual who owns (within the meaning of Section 422(b)(6) of the Code) stock possessing more than 10% of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or of a Subsidiary. (cc)                            "Total Disability" shall mean the complete and permanent inability of an employee Participant to perform such Participant's duties under the terms of the Participant's  employment with the Company or any Subsidiary, as determined by the Committee upon the basis of such evidence, including independent medical reports and data, as the Committee deems appropriate or necessary.
Section 3.  Administration.
(a)                                 Power and Authority of the Committee.
(i)                                     The Committee.  The Committee shall consist of at least two directors of the Company and may consist of the entire Board of Directors; provided, however, that if the Committee consists of less than the entire Board of Directors, each member shall be a Nonemployee Director.  The Committee may determine the extent to which any Option under the Plan is required to comply, or not comply, with Section 409A of the Code.
(ii)                                  Power and Authority.  Subject to the express provisions of the Plan and to applicable law, the Committee shall have full power and authority to:  (i) designate Participants; (ii) determine the type or types of Awards to be granted to each Participant under the Plan; (iii) determine the number of Shares to be covered by (or with respect to which payments, rights or other matters are to be calculated in connection with) each Award; (iv) determine the terms and conditions of any Award or Award Agreement which may be based on various factors such as length of employment and/or performance of the Participant or the Company (such performance criteria may include but are not limited to Company's achievement of specified financial or other performance metrics, such as subscriber growth; (v) amend the terms and conditions of any Award or Award Agreement and accelerate the exercisability of Options or Stock Appreciation Rights, the lapse of restrictions relating to Restricted Stock, or the vesting of Restricted Stock Units or other Awards; (vi) determine whether, to what extent and under what circumstances Awards may be exercised in cash, Shares, other securities, other Awards or other property, or canceled, forfeited or suspended; (vii) determine whether, to what extent and under what circumstances cash, Shares, other securities, other Awards, other property and other amounts payable with respect to an Award under the Plan shall be deferred either automatically or at the election of the holder thereof or the Committee; (viii) interpret and administer the Plan and any instrument or agreement relating to, or Award made under, the Plan; (ix) establish, amend, suspend or waive such rules and regulations and appoint such agents as it shall deem appropriate for the proper administration of the Plan; (x) institute one or more Exchange Programs, including without limitation any Exchange Program described in Section 9(b); and (xi) make any other determination and take any other action that the Committee deems necessary or desirable for the administration of the Plan.  Unless otherwise expressly provided in the Plan, all designations, determinations, interpretations and other decisions under or with respect to the Plan or any Award shall be within the discretion of the Committee, may be made at any time and shall be final, conclusive and binding upon any Participant, any holder or beneficiary of any Award and any employee of the Company or any Subsidiary.  The Committee's decisions and determinations under the Plan need not be uniform and may be made selectively among Participants, whether or not such Participants are similarly situated.
(b)                                 Delegation.  The Committee may, in its discretion, delegate such powers and duties under the Plan as it deems appropriate; provided, however, that the Committee shall not delegate its powers and duties under the Plan with regard to executive officers or directors of the Company or any Subsidiary who are subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act.
(c)                                  Indemnification. The Company shall indemnify the members of the Committee and their delegees in the manner and to the extent set forth under the current practices of the Company under the Articles of Incorporation of the Company in effect as of the Effective Date (the "Current Articles") and under the Bylaws of the Company in effect as of the date of this meeting (the "Current Bylaws") regarding indemnification and advancement of expenses to members of the Committee and their delegees against permitted items (as set forth in the Current Articles and the Current Bylaws) incurred in connection with any action, suit or proceeding or in connection with any appeal therein, to which the Committee members and their delegees may be party by reason of any action taken or failure to act under or in connection with this Plan or any Award granted under this Plan. Section 4.  Shares Available for Awards.
(a)                                 Shares Available.  Subject to adjustment as provided in Section 4(e), the number of Shares that may be issued subject to Awards under the Plan shall not exceed eighty million (80,000,000) Shares (for clarification purposes, this limitation applies to Incentive Stock Options). Shares to be issued under the Plan may be either Shares reacquired and held in the treasury or authorized but unissued Shares.  If any Shares covered by an Award or to which an Award relates are not purchased or are forfeited, or if an Award otherwise terminates without delivery of any Shares or such Award is settled in cash, then the number of Shares counted against the aggregate number of Shares available under the Plan with respect to such Award, to the extent of any such forfeiture or termination, shall again be available for granting Awards under the Plan.  The Company shall at all times keep available out of authorized but unissued Shares the number of Shares to satisfy Awards granted under the Plan.
(b)                                 Accounting for Awards; Acquisition Awards.  For purposes of this Section 4, if an Award entitles the holder thereof to receive or purchase Shares, the maximum number of Shares covered by such Award or to which such Award relates shall be counted on the date of grant of such Award against the aggregate number of Shares available under Section 4(a) above for granting Awards under the Plan.  Shares subject to awards that are assumed, converted or substituted under the Plan as a result of the Company's acquisition of another company (including by way of merger, combination or similar transaction) ("Acquisition Awards") will not count against the number of Shares that may be granted under the Plan. Available Shares under a stockholder approved plan of an acquired company (as appropriately adjusted to reflect the transaction) may be used for Awards under the Plan and do not reduce the maximum number of Shares available for grant under the Plan, subject to applicable stock exchange requirements.
(c)                                  Adjustments. In the event that the Committee shall determine that any dividend or other distribution (whether in the form of cash, Shares, other securities or other property), recapitalization, stock split, reverse stock split, reorganization, merger, consolidation, split-up, spin-off, combination, repurchase or exchange of Shares or other securities of the Company, issuance of warrants or other rights to purchase Shares or other securities of the Company or other similar corporate transaction or event affects the Shares such that an adjustment is determined by the Committee to be appropriate in order to prevent dilution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available under the Plan, then the Committee shall, in such manner as it may deem equitable, adjust any or all of (i) the number and type of Shares (or other securities or other property) which thereafter may be made the subject of Awards, (ii) the number and type of Shares (or other securities or other property) subject to outstanding Awards and (iii) the purchase or exercise price with respect to any Award; provided, however, that the number of Shares covered by any Award or to which such Award relates shall always be a whole number.
Section 5.  Eligibility  of Key Employees.
Any Key Employee, including any Key Employee who is an officer or director of the Company or any Subsidiary, shall be eligible to be designated a Participant; provided, however, a director of the Company who is not also an employee of the Company or a Subsidiary shall not be designated as a Participant.  In determining which Key Employees shall receive an Award and the terms of any Award, the Committee may take into account the nature of the services rendered by the respective Key Employees, their present and potential contributions to the success of the Company or such other factors as the Committee, in its discretion, shall deem relevant.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, an Incentive Stock Option may only be granted to full or part-time employees (which term as used herein includes, without limitation, officers and directors who are also employees) of the Company and its Subsidiaries.
Section 6.  Awards.
(a)                                 Options.  The Committee is hereby authorized to grant Options to Participants with the following terms and conditions and with such additional terms and conditions not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan as the Committee shall determine, which terms and conditions shall be set forth in a form approved by the Committee.
(i) Exercise Price.  The exercise price per Share purchasable under an Option shall be determined by the Committee; provided, however, that, the exercise price of an Option shall not be less than 100% of the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of grant of such Option (110% in the case of an Incentive Stock Option granted to a Ten-Percent Stockholder); provided, further, that the aggregate Fair Market Value, determined at the time an Incentive Stock Option is granted, of the Shares with respect to which Incentive Stock Options may be exercisable for the first time by an employee Participant in any calendar year under all plans of the Company and any parent corporation of the Company and any Subsidiary shall not exceed $100,000. (ii) Option Term.  The term of each Option shall be for a period of ten years from the date of grant of any Incentive Stock Option (5 years in the case of an Incentive Stock Option granted to a Ten-Percent Stockholder) and ten years and three months from the date of grant of a Non-Qualified Stock Option, unless an earlier expiration date shall be stated in the Option or the Option shall cease to be exercisable pursuant to this Section 6.  If an employee Participant's employment with the Company and all Subsidiaries terminates other than by reason of such Participant's  death, Total Disability or Retirement, the Participant's  Option shall terminate and cease to be exercisable upon termination of employment, unless the Committee shall determine otherwise.
(iii) Time and Method of Exercise.  The Committee shall determine the time or times at which an Option may be exercised in whole or in part and the method or methods by which, and the form or forms (including, without limitation, cash, Shares, promissory notes, other securities, other Awards or other property, or any combination thereof, having a Fair Market Value on the exercise date equal to the relevant exercise price) in which, payment of the exercise price with respect thereto may be made or deemed to have been made.  The Committee may also permit the holders of  Options, in accordance with such procedures as the Committee may in its discretion establish, including those set forth in Section 6(g) hereof, to exercise Options and sell Shares acquired pursuant to a brokerage or similar arrangement approved in advance by the Committee, and to use the proceeds from such sale as payment of the exercise price of such Options.
(iv) Restoration Options.  The Committee may grant Restoration Options, separately or together with another Option, pursuant to which, subject to the terms and conditions established by the Committee and any applicable requirements of Rule 16b-3 or any other applicable law, the Participant would be granted a new Option when the payment of the exercise price of the Option to which such Restoration Option relates is made by the delivery of Shares owned by the Participant pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Plan or agreement relating to such Option, which new Option would be an Option to purchase the number of Shares not exceeding the sum of (A) the number of Shares so provided as consideration upon the exercise of the previously granted Option to which such Restoration Option relates and (B) the number of Shares, if any, tendered or withheld as payment of the amount to be withheld under applicable tax laws in connection with the exercise of the Option to which such Restoration Option relates pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Plan or agreement relating to such Option.  Restoration Options may be granted with respect to Options previously granted under the Plan or any other stock option plan of the Company, and may be granted in connection with any Option granted under the Plan or any other stock option plan of the Company at the time of such grant; provided, however, that Restoration Options may not be granted with respect to any Option granted to a Nonemployee Director under any other stock option plan of the Company.
(v)  Incentive and Non-Qualified Stock Options.  Each Option granted pursuant to the Plan shall specify whether it is an Incentive Stock Option or a Non-Qualified Stock Option, provided that the Committee may in the case of the grant of an Incentive Stock Option give the Participant the right to receive in its place a Non-Qualified Stock Option.
(b)                                 Stock Appreciation Rights.  The Committee is hereby authorized to grant Stock Appreciation Rights to Participants subject to the terms of the Plan and any applicable Award Agreement.  A Stock Appreciation Right granted under the Plan shall confer on the holder thereof a right to receive upon exercise thereof the excess of (i) the Fair Market Value of one Share on the date of exercise (or, if the Committee shall so determine, at any time during a specified period before or after the date of exercise) over (ii) the grant price of the Stock Appreciation Right as specified by the Committee, which price shall not be less than 100% of the Fair Market Value of one Share on the date of grant of the Stock Appreciation Right.  Subject to the terms of the Plan and any applicable Award Agreement, the grant price, term, methods of exercise, dates of exercise, methods of settlement and any other terms and conditions of any Stock Appreciation Right shall be as determined by the Committee.  The Committee may impose such conditions or restrictions on the exercise of any Stock Appreciation Right as it may deem appropriate.
(c)                                  Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units.  The Committee is hereby authorized to grant Awards of Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units to Participants with the following terms and conditions and with such additional terms and conditions not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan as the Committee shall determine: (i) Restrictions.  Shares of Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to such restrictions as the Committee may impose (including, without limitation, any limitation on the right to vote a Share of Restricted Stock or the right to receive any dividend or other right or property with respect thereto), which restrictions may lapse separately or in combination at such time or times, in such installments or otherwise as the Committee may deem appropriate (the "Restricted Period").
(ii) Stock Certificates.  Any Restricted Stock granted under the Plan may be evidenced by issuance of a stock certificate or certificates, which certificate or certificates shall be held by the Company.  Such certificate or certificates shall be registered in the name of the Participant and shall bear an appropriate legend referring to the terms, conditions and restrictions applicable to such Restricted Stock.  Except as otherwise provided in this Section 6(c), no Shares of Restricted Stock received by a Participant shall be sold, exchanged, transferred, pledged, hypothecated or otherwise disposed of during the Restricted Period.  In the case of Restricted Stock Units, no Shares shall be issued at the time such Awards are granted.
(iii) Forfeiture; Delivery of Shares.  Except as otherwise determined by the Committee, upon termination of a Participant's employment (as determined under criteria established by the Committee) during the applicable Restricted Period, all Shares of Restricted Stock and all Restricted Stock Units held by such Participant at such time subject to restriction shall be forfeited and reacquired by the Company; provided, however, that in the cases of death, Total Disability or Retirement, or in circumstances where the Committee finds that a waiver would be in the best interest of the Company, the Committee may waive in whole or in part any or all remaining restrictions with respect to Shares of Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units.  Any Share representing Restricted Stock that is no longer subject to restrictions shall be delivered to the holder thereof promptly after the applicable restrictions lapse or are waived.  Upon the lapse or waiver of restrictions and the restricted period relating to Restricted Stock Units evidencing the right to receive Shares, such Shares shall be issued and delivered to the holders of the Restricted Stock Units.
(d)                                 Performance Awards.  The Committee is hereby authorized to grant Performance Awards to Participants subject to the terms of the Plan and any applicable Award Agreement.  A Performance Award granted under the Plan (i) may be denominated or payable in cash, Shares (including, without limitation, Restricted Stock), other securities, other Awards or other property and (ii) shall confer on the holder thereof the right to receive payments, in whole or in part, upon the achievement of such performance goals during such performance periods as the Committee shall establish.  Subject to the terms of the Plan and any applicable Award Agreement, the performance goals to be achieved during any performance period, the length of any performance period, the amount of any Performance Award granted, the amount of any payment or transfer to be made pursuant to any Performance Award and any other terms and conditions of any Performance Award shall be determined by the Committee.
(e)                                  Dividend Equivalents.  The Committee is hereby authorized to grant to Participants Dividend Equivalents under which such Participants shall be entitled to receive payments (in cash, Shares, other securities, other Awards or other property as determined in the discretion of the Committee) equivalent to the amount of cash dividends paid by the Company to holders of Shares with respect to a number of Shares determined by the Committee.  Subject to the terms of the Plan and any applicable Award Agreement, such Dividend Equivalents may have such terms and conditions as the Committee shall determine.
(f)                                   Other Stock-Based Awards.  The Committee is hereby authorized to grant to Participants such other Awards that are denominated or payable in, valued in whole or in part by reference to, or otherwise based on or related to, Shares (including, without limitation, securities convertible into Shares) or cash, as are deemed by the Committee to be consistent with the purpose of the Plan; provided, however, that such grants must comply with applicable law and, in the case of executive officers and directors of the Company, Rule 16b-3, to the extent applicable.  Subject to the terms of the Plan and any applicable Award Agreement, the Committee shall determine the terms and conditions of such Awards.  Shares or other securities delivered pursuant to a purchase right granted under this Section 6(f) shall be purchased for such consideration, which may be paid by such method or methods and in such form or forms (including without limitation, cash, Shares, promissory notes, other securities, other Awards or other property or any combination thereof), as the Committee shall determine, the value of which consideration, as established by the Committee, shall not be less than 100% of the Fair Market Value of such Shares or other securities as of the date such purchase right is granted. (g)                                  General.
(i) No Cash Consideration for Awards.  Awards shall be granted for no cash consideration or for such minimal cash consideration as may be required by applicable law.
(ii) Awards May Be Granted Separately or Together.  Awards may, in the discretion of the Committee, be granted either alone or in addition to, in tandem with, or in substitution for, any other Award or any award granted under any plan of the Company or any Subsidiary other than the Plan.  Awards granted in addition to or in tandem with other Awards or in addition to or in tandem with awards granted under any such other plan of the Company or any Subsidiary may be granted either at the same time as, or at a different time from, the grant of such other Awards or awards.
(iii) Forms of Payment under Awards.  Subject to the terms of the Plan and of any applicable Award Agreement, payments or transfers to be made by the Company or a Subsidiary upon the grant, exercise or payment of an Award may be made in such form or forms as the Committee shall determine (including, without limitation, cash, Shares, promissory notes, other securities, other Awards or other property or any combination thereof), and may be made in a single payment or transfer, in installments or on a deferred basis, in each case in accordance with rules and procedures established by the Committee.  Such rules and procedures may include, without limitation, provisions for the payment or crediting of reasonable interest on installment or deferred payments or the grant or crediting of Dividend Equivalents with respect to installment or deferred payments.
(iv) Cashless Exercise.  Options may be exercised in whole or in part upon delivery to the Secretary of the Company of an irrevocable written notice of exercise.  The date on which such notice is received by the Secretary shall be the date of exercise of the Option, provided that within three business days of the delivery of such notice the funds to pay for exercise of the Option are delivered to the Company by a broker acting on behalf of the optionee either in connection with the sale of the Shares underlying the Option or in connection with the making of a margin loan to the optionee to enable payment of the exercise price of the Option.  In connection with the foregoing, the Company will provide a copy of the notice of exercise of the Option to the aforesaid broker upon receipt by the Secretary of such notice and will deliver to such broker, within three business days of the delivery of such notice to the Company, a certificate or certificates (as requested by the broker) representing the number of Shares underlying the Option that have been sold by such broker for the optionee.
(v) Limits on Transfer of Awards.  No Award and no right under any such Award shall be transferable by a Participant otherwise than by will, the laws of descent and distribution or pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order as defined by the Code; provided, however, that, if so determined by the Committee, a Participant may, in the manner established by the Committee, designate a beneficiary or beneficiaries to exercise the rights of the Participant and receive any property distributable with respect to any Award upon the death of the Participant.  Each Award or right under any Award shall be exercisable during the Participant's lifetime only by the Participant or, if permissible under applicable law, by the Participant's guardian or legal representative.  No Award or right under any such Award may be pledged, alienated, attached or otherwise encumbered, and any purported pledge, alienation, attachment or encumbrance thereof shall be void and unenforceable against the Company or any Subsidiary.
(vi) Term of Awards.  Unless otherwise expressly set forth in the Plan, the term of each Award shall be for such period as may be determined by the Committee.
(vii) Restrictions; Securities Listing.  Certificates, if any, for Shares or other securities delivered under the Plan pursuant to any Award or the exercise thereof shall be subject to such stop transfer orders and other restrictions as the Committee may deem advisable under the Plan or the rules, regulations and other requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission and any applicable federal or state securities laws, and the Committee may cause a legend or legends to be placed on any such certificates to make appropriate reference to such restrictions.  If the Shares or other securities are traded on NASDAQ or a securities exchange, the Company shall not be required to deliver any Shares or other securities covered by an Award unless and until such Shares or other securities have been admitted for trading on NASDAQ or such securities exchange. Section 7.  Amendment and Termination; Adjustments.
Except to the extent prohibited by applicable law and unless otherwise expressly provided in an Award Agreement or in the Plan:
(a)                                 Amendments to the Plan.  The Board of Directors of the Company may amend, alter, suspend, discontinue or terminate the Plan; provided, however, that, notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan or any Award Agreement, without the approval of the stockholders of the Company, no such amendment, alteration, suspension, discontinuation or termination shall be made that, absent such approval;
(i) would violate the rules or regulations of NASDAQ or any securities exchange that are applicable to the Company; or
(ii) would cause the Company to be unable, under the Code, to grant Incentive Stock Options under the Plan.
(b)                                 Amendments to Awards.  The Committee may waive any conditions of or rights of the Company under any outstanding Award, prospectively or retroactively.  The Committee may not amend, alter, suspend, discontinue or terminate any outstanding Award, prospectively or retroactively, without the consent of the Participant or holder or beneficiary thereof, except as otherwise herein provided (for clarification purposes, in no event shall the consent of the participant or holder or beneficiary be required in order for the Committee to effectuate a "lock-up").
(c)                                  Correction of Defects, Omissions and Inconsistencies.  The Committee may correct any defect, supply any omission or reconcile any inconsistency in the Plan or any Award in the manner and to the extent it shall deem desirable to carry the Plan into effect.
Section 8.  Income Tax Withholding; Tax Bonuses.
(a)                                 Withholding.  In order to comply with all applicable federal or state income tax laws or regulations, the Company may take such action as it deems appropriate to ensure that all applicable federal or state payroll, withholding, income or other taxes, which are the sole and absolute responsibility of a Participant, are withheld or collected from such Participant.  In order to assist a Participant in paying all or a portion of the federal and state taxes to be withheld or collected upon exercise or receipt of (or the lapse of restrictions relating to) an Award, the Committee, in its discretion and subject to such additional terms and conditions as it may adopt, may permit the Participant to satisfy such tax obligation by (i) electing to have the Company withhold a portion of the Shares otherwise to be delivered upon exercise or receipt of (or the lapse of restrictions relating to) such Award with a Fair Market Value equal to the amount of such taxes or (ii) delivering to the Company shares other than Shares issuable upon exercise or receipt of (or the lapse of restrictions relating to) such Award with a Fair Market Value equal to the amount of such taxes.
(b)                             Tax Bonuses.  The Committee, in its discretion, shall have the authority, at the time of grant of any Award under this Plan or at any time thereafter, to approve cash bonuses to designated Participants to be paid upon their exercise or receipt of (or the lapse of restrictions relating to) Awards in order to provide funds to pay all or a portion of federal and state taxes due as a result of such exercise or receipt (or the lapse of such restrictions).  The Committee shall have full authority in its discretion to determine the amount of any such tax bonus. Section 9.  General Provisions
(a)                                 No Rights to Awards.  No Key Employee, Participant or other Person shall have any claim to be granted any Award under the Plan, and there is no obligation for uniformity of treatment of Key Employees, Participants or holders or beneficiaries of Awards under the Plan.  The terms and conditions of Awards need not be the same with respect to any Participant or with respect to different Participants.
(b)                                 Exchange Programs. For the avoidance of doubt, the Committee, in its discretion, may provide for, and the Company may implement, one or more Exchange Programs, pursuant to which certain outstanding awards under any equity incentive plan of the Company, including without limitation, the Company's 2009 Plan, could, at the election of the person holding such Awards, be tendered to the Company for cancellation in exchange for the issuance of Awards under the Plan. The terms and conditions of any Exchange Program pursuant to this Section 9(b) will be determined by the Committee in its discretion.
(c)                                  Award Agreements.  No Participant will have rights under an Award granted to such Participant unless and until an Award Agreement shall have been duly executed on behalf of the Company.
(d)                                 No Limit on Other Compensation Arrangements.  Nothing contained in the Plan shall prevent the Company or any Subsidiary from adopting or continuing in effect other or additional compensation arrangements, and such arrangements may be either generally applicable or applicable only in specific cases.
(e)                                  No Right to Employment.  The grant of an Award shall not be construed as giving a Participant the right to be retained in the employ of the Company or any Subsidiary, nor will it affect in any way the right of the Company or a Subsidiary  to terminate such employment at any time, with or without cause.  In addition, the Company or a Subsidiary may at any time dismiss a Participant from employment free from any liability or any claim under the Plan, unless otherwise expressly provided in the Plan or in any Award Agreement.
(f)            Section 409A of the Code.  The Committee (or its delegate) shall have the discretion to interpret and construe the Plan and any Award Agreement in any manner that establishes an exemption from (or compliance with) the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. If for any reason, such as imprecision in drafting, any provision of the Plan and/or any Award Agreement does not accurately reflect its intended establishment of an exemption from (or compliance with) Section 409A of the Code, as demonstrated by consistent interpretations or other evidence of intent, such provision shall be considered ambiguous as to its exemption from (or compliance with) Section 409A of the Code and shall be interpreted by the Committee in a manner consistent with such intent, as determined in the discretion of the Committee. If, notwithstanding the foregoing provisions, any provision of the Plan or any Award Agreement would cause a Participant to incur any additional tax or interest under Section 409A of the Code, the Committee may reform in its discretion such provision in a manner intended to avoid the incurrence by such Participant of any such additional tax or interest; provided that the Committee shall maintain, to the extent reasonably practicable, the original intent and economic benefit to the Participant of the applicable provision without violating the provisions of Section 409A of the Code. If the Committee (or its delegate) determines, in its discretion, that an Award is determined to be "nonqualified deferred compensation" subject to Section 409A of the Code, and that the Participant is a "specified employee" as defined in Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code and the regulations and other guidance issued thereunder, then the exercise or distribution of such Award upon a separation from service may not be made before the date which is six months after the date the Participant separates from service with the Company or any of its affiliates. Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, terms such as "termination of service," "termination of employment" and "termination of engagement" shall mean a "separation from service" within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code to the extent any exercise or distribution hereunder could be deemed "non-qualified deferred compensation" for purposes thereof.
(g)           Right of Offset.  The Company will have the right to offset against its obligation to deliver Shares (or other property or cash) under the Plan or any Award Agreement any outstanding amounts (including, without limitation, travel and entertainment or advance account balances, loans, repayment obligations under any Awards, or amounts repayable to the Company or its Subsidiaries) that the Participant then owes to the Company or its Subsidiaries. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if an Award provides for the deferral of compensation within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, the Committee will have no right to offset against its obligation to deliver Shares (or other property or cash) under the Plan or any Award Agreement if such offset could subject the Participant to the additional tax imposed under Section 409A of the Code in respect of an outstanding Award.
(h)                                 Assignability.  No Award granted under this Plan, nor any other rights acquired by a Participant under this Plan, shall be assignable or transferable by a Participant, other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution or pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order as defined by the Code, Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, or the rules promulgated thereunder.
(i)                                     Governing Law.  The validity, construction and effect of the Plan or any Award, and any rules and regulations relating to the Plan or any Award, shall be determined in accordance with the laws of the State of Colorado.
(j)                                    Severability.  If any provision of the Plan or any Award is or becomes or is deemed to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction or would disqualify the Plan or any Award under any law deemed applicable by the Committee, such provision shall be construed or deemed amended to conform to applicable laws, or if it cannot be so construed or deemed amended without, in the determination of the Committee, materially altering the purpose or intent of the Plan or the Award, such provision shall be stricken as to such jurisdiction or Award, and the remainder of the Plan or any such Award shall remain in full force and effect.
(k)                                 No Trust or Fund Created.  Neither the Plan nor any Award shall create or be construed to create a trust or separate fund of any kind or a fiduciary relationship between the Company or any Subsidiary and a Participant or any other Person.  To the extent that any Person acquires a right to receive payments from the Company or any Subsidiary pursuant to an Award, such right shall be no greater than the right of any unsecured general creditor of the Company or any Subsidiary.
(l)                                     No Fractional Shares.  No fractional Shares shall be issued or delivered pursuant to the Plan or any Award, and the Committee shall determine whether cash shall be paid in lieu of any fractional Shares or whether such fractional Shares or any rights thereto shall be canceled, terminated or otherwise eliminated. (m)                             Transfers and Leaves of Absence.  Solely for the purposes of the Plan:  (a) a transfer of an employee Participant's employment without an intervening period from the Company to a Subsidiary or vice versa, or from one Subsidiary to another, shall not be deemed a termination of employment, and (b) an employee Participant who is granted in writing a leave of absence shall be deemed to have remained in the employ of the Company or a Subsidiary, as the case may be, during such leave of absence.
(n)                                 Headings.  Headings are given to the Sections and subsections of the Plan solely as a convenience to facilitate reference.  Such headings shall not be deemed in any way material or relevant to the construction or interpretation of the Plan or any provision thereof.
Section 10.  Effective Date of the Plan.
The Plan shall be effective as of April 29, 2019, subject to approval by the stockholders of the Company on that date or within one year thereafter.
Section 11.  Term of the Plan.
Unless the Plan shall have been discontinued or terminated as provided in Section 7(a), the Plan shall terminate on April 29, 2029.  No Award shall be granted after the termination of the Plan.  However, unless otherwise expressly provided in the Plan or in an applicable Award Agreement, any Award theretofore granted may extend beyond the termination of the Plan, and the authority of the Committee provided for hereunder with respect to the Plan and any Awards, and the authority of the Board of Directors of the Company to amend the Plan, shall extend beyond the termination of the Plan. VOTE BY   INTERNET - www.proxyvote.com Use the Internet to transmit your voting   instructions and for electronic delivery of information. Vote by 11:59 P.M.   ET on 04/24/2019 for shares held in a Plan. Have your proxy card in hand when   you access the web site and follow the instructions to obtain your records   and to create an electronic voting instruction form. ELECTRONIC DELIVERY OF   FUTURE PROXY MATERIALS If you would like to reduce the costs incurred by our   company in mailing proxy materials, you can consent to receiving all future   proxy statements, proxy cards and annual reports electronically via e-mail or   the Internet. To sign up for electronic delivery, please follow the   instructions above to vote using the Internet and, when prompted, indicate   that you agree to receive or access proxy materials electronically in future   years. DISH NETWORK CORPORATION 9601 S. MERIDIAN BLVD. ENGLEWOOD, CO 80112   VOTE BY PHONE - 1-800-690-6903 Use any touch-tone telephone to transmit your   voting instructions. Vote by 11:59 P.M. ET on 04/24/2019 for shares held in a   Plan. Have your proxy card in hand when you call and then follow the   instructions. VOTE BY MAIL Mark, sign and date your proxy card and return it   in the postage-paid envelope we have provided or return it to Vote Processing,   c/o Broadridge, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, NY 11717. TO VOTE, MARK BLOCKS   BELOW IN BLUE OR BLACK INK AS FOLLOWS: KEEP THIS PORTION FOR YOUR RECORDS   DETACH AND RETURN THIS PORTION ONLY THIS PROXY CARD IS VALID ONLY WHEN SIGNED   AND DATED. For Withhold For All Except To withhold authority to vote for any   individual nominee(s), mark "For All Except" and write the number(s) of the   AllAll The Board of Directors recommends you vote FOR the following:   nominee(s) on the line below. 0 0 0 1. Election of Directors Nominees 01   Kathleen Q. Abernathy 06 Charles M. Lillis 02 George R. Brokaw 07 Afshin   Mohebbi 03 James DeFranco 08 Tom A. Ortolf 04 Cantey M. Ergen 09 Carl E.   Vogel 05 Charles W. Ergen The Board of Directors recommends you vote FOR   proposals 2 and 3. 2. To ratify the appointment of KPMG LLP as our   independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending   December 31, 2019. 3. To approve our 2019 Stock Incentive Plan. For 0 0   Against 0 0 Abstain 0 0 NOTE: To consider and act upon any other business   that may properly come before the Annual Meeting or any adjournment or   postponement of the Annual Meeting. 0 For address change/comments, mark here.   (see reverse for instructions) Please sign exactly as your name(s) appear(s)   hereon. When signing as attorney, executor, administrator, or other   fiduciary, please give full title as such. Joint owners should each sign   personally. All holders must sign. If a corporation or partnership, please   sign in full corporate or partnership name by authorized officer. Signature   [PLEASE SIGN WITHIN BOX] Date Signature (Joint Owners) Date 0000406143_1   R1.0.1.18 
Important   Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual Meeting:   The Annual Report, Notice & Proxy Statement is/ are available at   www.proxyvote.com . DISH NETWORK CORPORATION PROXY SOLICITED ON BEHALF OF THE   BOARD OF DIRECTORS The undersigned hereby appoints Charles W. Ergen and   Timothy A. Messner, each with the power to appoint his substitute, and hereby   authorizes them to represent and to vote as designated below, all Class A   Shares and Class B Shares of DISH Network Corporation held of record by the   undersigned on March 8, 2019, at the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be   held on April 29, 2019, or any adjournment or postponement thereof. THIS   PROXY WHEN PROPERLY EXECUTED WILL BE VOTED IN THE MANNER DIRECTED HEREIN BY   THE UNDERSIGNED SHAREHOLDER. IF NO DIRECTION IS MADE THIS PROXY WILL BE VOTED   (1) FOR THE ELECTION OF EACH OF THE NINE DIRECTORS SET FORTH ABOVE, (2) FOR   THE RATIFICATION OF THE APPOINTMENT OF KPMG LLP AS OUR INDEPENDENT REGISTERED   PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM FOR FISCAL YEAR ENDING DECEMBER 31, 2019, (3) FOR THE   APPROVAL OF THE 2019 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN. THIS PROXY CONFERS DISCRETIONARY   AUTHORITY WITH RESPECT TO PROPOSALS NOT KNOWN OR DETERMINED AT THE TIME OF   THE MAILING OF THE NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS TO THE   UNDERSIGNED. PLEASE SIGN AND RETURN THIS PROXY IN THE ENCLOSED PRE-ADDRESSED   ENVELOPE. THE TENDER OF A PROXY WILL NOT AFFECT YOUR RIGHT TO VOTE IN PERSON   IF YOU ATTEND THE MEETING OR TO SUBMIT A LATER DATED REVOCATION OR AMENDMENT   TO THIS PROXY ON ANY OF THE ISSUES SET FORTH ON THE REVERSE SIDE. Address   change/comments: (If you noted any Address Changes and/or Comments above,   please mark corresponding box on the reverse side.) Continued and to be   signed on reverse side 0000406143_2 R1.0.1.18 
 