 
SCHEDULE 14-A INFORMATION
Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
Filed by the Registrant ☒
Filed by a Party other than the Registrant ☐
Check the appropriate box:
¨ Preliminary Proxy Statement
¨ Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2))
x Definitive Proxy Statement
¨ Definitive Additional Materials
¨ Soliciting Material Pursuant to §240.14a-11(c) or §240.14a-12
Energy Services of America Corporation 
(Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 
(Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant)
Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box):
x No fee required.
¨ Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(4) and 0-11.
¨ Fee paid previously with preliminary materials.
¨ Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing for which the offsetting fee was paid previously. Identify the previous filing by registration statement number, or the Form or Schedule and the date of its filing.
Energy Services of America Corporation
75 West 3rd Avenue
Huntington, West Virginia 25701
January 11, 2019
Dear Stockholder:
We cordially invite you to attend the Annual Meeting of Stockholders of Energy Services of America Corporation. The Annual Meeting will be held at the Pullman Plaza Hotel, 1001 Third Avenue, Huntington, West Virginia 25701 at 12:00 p.m., local time, on February 20, 2019.
The enclosed Notice of the Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement describes the formal business to be transacted at the Annual Meeting. During the Annual Meeting we will also report on the operations of Energy Services of America Corporation. Directors and officers will be present to respond to any questions that stockholders may have. Also enclosed for your review is our Annual Report to Stockholders, which contains detailed information concerning our activities and operating performance.
The business to be conducted at the Annual Meeting consists of the election of ten (10) directors to the Board of Directors, the ratification of our independent registered public accounting firm and two non-binding proposals.  One non-binding proposal is an advisory vote on executive compensation.  The second non-binding vote is an advisory vote relating to the frequency of future advisory votes on executive compensation.  The Board of Directors has determined that the matters to be considered at the Annual Meeting are in the best interests of Energy Services of America Corporation and our stockholders.  For the reasons set forth in the Proxy Statement, the Board of Directors recommends a vote "FOR" the election of directors, ratification of our independent registered public accounting firm and the advisory vote on executive compensation.  The Board of Directors recommends that you vote for the "One Year" frequency to vote on executive compensation.
On behalf of the Board of Directors, we urge you to sign, date and return the enclosed proxy card as soon as possible, even if you currently plan to attend the Annual Meeting. This will not prevent you from voting in person, but will assure that your vote is counted if you are unable to attend the Annual Meeting. Your vote is important, regardless of the number of shares that you own.
Energy Services of America Corporation 
75 West 3rd Avenue
Huntington, West Virginia 25701
(304) 522-3868
NOTICE OF
ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
To Be Held on February 20, 2019
Notice is hereby given that the Annual Meeting of Stockholders of Energy Services of America Corporation will be held at the Pullman Plaza Hotel, 1001 Third Avenue, Huntington, West Virginia 25701 at 12:00 p.m., local time, on February 20, 2019.
A Proxy Card and a Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting are enclosed.
The Annual Meeting is being held for the purpose of considering and acting upon:
We will also consider such other matters as may properly come before the Annual Meeting or any adjournments thereof. The Board of Directors is not aware of any other business to come before the Annual Meeting.
Any action may be taken on the foregoing proposals at the Annual Meeting on the date specified above or on any date or dates to which the Annual Meeting may be adjourned. Stockholders of record at the close of business on January 4, 2019 are the stockholders entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting and any adjournments thereof.
A list of stockholders entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting will be available at our main office located at 75 West 3rd Avenue, Huntington, West Virginia 25701 for a period of ten days prior to the Annual Meeting and will also be available for inspection at the Annual Meeting.
EACH STOCKHOLDER, WHETHER HE OR SHE PLANS TO ATTEND THE ANNUAL MEETING, IS REQUESTED TO SIGN, DATE AND RETURN THE ENCLOSED PROXY CARD WITHOUT DELAY IN THE ENCLOSED POSTAGE-PAID ENVELOPE. ANY PROXY GIVEN BY THE STOCKHOLDER MAY BE REVOKED AT ANY TIME BEFORE IT IS EXERCISED. A PROXY MAY BE REVOKED BY FILING WITH THE CORPORATE SECRETARY A WRITTEN REVOCATION OR A DULY EXECUTED PROXY BEARING A LATER DATE. ANY STOCKHOLDER PRESENT AT THE ANNUAL MEETING MAY REVOKE HIS OR HER PROXY AND VOTE IN PERSON ON EACH MATTER BROUGHT BEFORE THE ANNUAL MEETING. HOWEVER, IF YOU ARE A STOCKHOLDER WHOSE SHARES ARE NOT REGISTERED IN YOUR OWN NAME, YOU WILL NEED ADDITIONAL DOCUMENTATION FROM YOUR RECORD HOLDER IN ORDER FOR YOU TO VOTE IN PERSON AT THE ANNUAL MEETING.
Our proxy statement, annual report to stockholders on Form 10-K, and proxy card are available on the internet at https://energyservicesofamerica.com/stockholder/2019-esa-proxy-statement.pdf.
PROXY STATEMENT
Energy Services of America Corporation 
75 West 3rd Avenue
Huntington, West Virginia 25701
(304) 522-3868
ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
February 20, 2019
This Proxy Statement is furnished in connection with the solicitation of proxies on behalf of the Board of Directors of Energy Services of America Corporation to be used at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be held at the Pullman Plaza Hotel, 1001 Third Avenue, Huntington, West Virginia 25701 on February 20, 2019, at 12:00 pm., local time, and all adjournments of the Annual Meeting. The accompanying Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders and this Proxy Statement are first being mailed to stockholders on or about January 11, 2019.
Stockholders who execute proxies in the form solicited hereby retain the right to revoke them in the manner described below. Unless so revoked, the shares represented by such proxies will be voted at the Annual Meeting and all adjournments thereof. Proxies solicited on behalf of the Board of Directors will be voted in accordance with the directions given thereon. Where no instructions are indicated, validly executed proxies will be voted "FOR" the proposals set forth in this Proxy Statement for consideration at the Annual Meeting and for the "One Year" frequency to vote on executive compensation.
The Board of Directors knows of no additional matters that will be presented for consideration at the Annual Meeting. Execution of a proxy, however, confers on the designated proxy holder's discretionary authority to vote the shares in accordance with their best judgment on such other business, if any, that may properly come before the Annual Meeting or any adjournments thereof.
Proxies may be revoked by sending written notice of revocation to our Corporate Secretary at the address shown above, delivering to us a duly executed proxy bearing a later date, or attending the Annual Meeting and voting in person. However, if you are a stockholder whose shares are not registered in your own name, you will need appropriate documentation from your record holder to vote personally at the Annual Meeting. The presence at the Annual Meeting of any stockholder who had returned a proxy shall not revoke such proxy unless the stockholder delivers his or her ballot in person at the Annual Meeting or delivers a written revocation to our Corporate Secretary prior to the voting of such proxy.
Holders of record of our common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, as of the close of business on January 4, 2019, are entitled to one vote for each share then held. As of the record date, we had 13,922,336 shares outstanding and entitled to vote. The presence in person or by proxy of a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock entitled to vote is necessary to constitute a quorum at the Annual Meeting. Broker non-votes and proxies marked ABSTAIN will be counted for purposes of determining whether a quorum is present. In the event there are not sufficient votes for a quorum, or to approve or ratify any matter being presented at the time of the Annual Meeting, the Annual Meeting may be adjourned in order to permit the further solicitation of proxies.
As to the election of directors, the proxy card being provided by the Board of Directors enables a stockholder to vote FOR the election of the ten (10) nominees proposed by the independent directors acting as the nominating committee of the Board of Directors or to WITHHOLD AUTHORITY to vote for one or more of the nominees being proposed. Directors are elected by a plurality of votes cast, without regard to either broker non-votes or proxies as to which the authority to vote for the nominees being proposed is withheld.
As to the ratification of our independent registered public accounting firm, stockholders will have the opportunity to vote "FOR" or "AGAINST" the proposal or to vote "ABSTAIN." This proposal must be approved by the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast without regard to broker non-votes and proxies marked "ABSTAIN."
As to the advisory, non-binding resolution with respect to our executive compensation as described in this proxy statement, a stockholder may vote "FOR" the resolution, "AGAINST" the resolution, or "ABSTAIN" from voting on the resolution. The affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast is required for the approval of this resolution without regard to broker non-votes and proxies marked "ABSTAIN." While this vote is required by law, it will neither be binding on Energy Services of America Corporation or the Board of Directors.
As to the advisory, non-binding proposal with respect to the frequency that stockholders will vote on a resolution regarding our executive compensation, a stockholder may vote to consider the resolution every "One Year", "Two Years" or "Three Years", or the shareholder may "ABSTAIN" from voting.  The option receiving the greatest number of votes will be considered the frequency recommended by stockholders.  While this vote is required by law, it will neither be binding on Energy Services or the Board of Directors.
Proxies solicited hereby will be returned to us and will be tabulated by an inspector of election designated by the Board of Directors.
Persons and groups who beneficially own in excess of five percent of our common stock are required to file certain reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission regarding such ownership. The following table sets forth, as of January 4, 2019, the shares of common stock beneficially owned by each person who was the beneficial owner of more than five percent of our outstanding shares of common stock, as well as the shares owned by our directors and executive officers as a group.
Our Board of Directors currently is composed of ten members. Under our bylaws, all of our directors are elected annually. Directors are generally elected to serve for a one-year period and until their respective successors have been elected and shall qualify. The independent members of the Board of Directors have nominated to serve as directors each of the nominees listed in the table below, each of whom is currently a member of the Board of Directors and each of whom has been nominated to serve for a one-year period and until his successor has been elected and shall qualify.
The table below sets forth certain information regarding the composition of our Board of Directors, including the terms of office of board members and our executive officers. It is intended that the proxies solicited on behalf of the Board of Directors (other than proxies in which the vote is withheld as to one or more nominees) will be voted at the Annual Meeting for the election of the nominees identified below. If the nominee is unable to serve, the shares represented by all such proxies will be voted for the election of such substitute as the Board of Directors may recommend. At this time, the Board of Directors knows of no reason why any of the nominees might be unable to serve, if elected. Except as indicated herein, there are no arrangements or understandings between any nominee and any other person pursuant to which such nominee was selected. None of the shares beneficially owned by directors or executive officers have been pledged as security or collateral for any loans.
Directors and Executive Officers
The principal occupation during the past five years of each director and executive officer is set forth below. All directors and executive officers have held their present positions since our inception in 2006 unless otherwise stated.
Marshall T. Reynolds has served as Chairman of the Board of Directors since our inception. Mr. Reynolds has served as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board Directors of Champion Industries, Inc., a commercial printer, business form manufacturer and supplier of office products and furniture, from 1992 to 2016, and sole stockholder from 1972 to 1993; President and General Manager of The Harrah and Reynolds Corporation, from 1964 (and sole stockholder since 1972) to present; and Chairman of the Board of Directors of McCorkle Machine and Engineering Company in Huntington, West Virginia. Mr. Reynolds is also Chairman of the Board of Directors of First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc., in Hammond, Louisiana; and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Premier Financial Bancorp, Inc., in Huntington, West Virginia and a director of Summit State Bank in Santa Rosa, CA since December 1998. Mr. Reynolds is the father of Jack M. Reynolds and Douglas V. Reynolds. Mr. Reynolds varied career as a business leader and experience in a number of industries qualifies him to be on the Board of Directors.
Douglas V. Reynolds was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company on December 6, 2012, and has served as a Director since 2008. Mr. Reynolds is an attorney for Reynolds & Brown, PLLC. Mr. Reynolds is the President of the Transylvania Corporation and a director of The Harrah and Reynolds Corporation. Mr. Reynolds is a graduate of Duke University and holds a law degree from West Virginia University. Mr. Reynolds is the son of Director Marshall T. Reynolds and brother of Jack M. Reynolds. Mr. Reynolds' varied experience and senior management roles with other companies make Mr. Reynolds a valuable member of the Board.
Jack M. Reynolds served as President and Chief Financial Officer from our inception until September 2008 and has been a member of our Board of Directors since our inception. Mr. Reynolds has been a Vice President of Pritchard Electric Company since 1998. Pritchard is an electrical contractor providing electrical services to both utility companies as well as private industries. Mr. Reynolds also serves as a Director of Citizens Deposit Bank of Vanceburg, Kentucky. Mr. Reynolds is the son of Marshall T. Reynolds and the brother of Douglas V. Reynolds. Mr. Reynolds lengthy service at Pritchard Electric and knowledge of the contracting industry provides hands on expertise to the Board of Directors.
Neal W. Scaggs has been a Director since our inception. Mr. Scaggs has been president of Basiden Brothers, Inc. (retail and wholesale hardware) from 1963 to the present. Mr. Scaggs is on the Boards of Directors of Premier Financial Bancorp, Inc. and Champion Industries, Inc. Mr. Scaggs also serves as Chairman of the Board of Directors of Bucane, Inc. Mr. Scaggs business experience in sales, marketing and capital markets provides a broad business perspective to the Board of Directors.
Joseph L. Williams has been a Director since our inception. Mr. Williams is the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Basic Supply Company, Inc., which he founded in 1977. Mr. Williams was one of the organizers and is a Director of First Sentry Bancshares, Inc., Huntington, West Virginia. Mr. Williams was Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Consolidated Bank & Trust Co., in Richmond, Virginia from 2007 until it merged with Premier Financial Bancorp, Inc. in 2009. Mr. Williams is a former member of the West Virginia Governor's Workforce Investment Council. He is a former Director of Unlimited Future, Inc. (a small business incubator) and a former Member of the National Advisory Council of the U.S. Small Business Administration. Mr. Williams is a former Mayor and City Councilman of the City of Huntington, West Virginia. He is a graduate of Marshall University with a degree in finance and is a former member of its Institutional Board of Governors. Mr. Williams' investment and management experience provides the board of directors and important perspective in business development.
Keith Molihan was appointed to the Board of Directors on August 15, 2008. Mr. Molihan is a retired executive director of the Lawrence County Community Action Organization. Mr. Molihan has served as Chairman of the Board of Directors of Ohio River Bank, Chairman of the Board of Directors of Farmers Bank of Eminence Kentucky and Chairman of the Board of EMEGA Turbine Technology, as well as President of the Lawrence County Ohio Port Authority and President of the Southeast Ohio Emergency Medical organization. Mr. Molihan's experience provides insights in the industrial aspects of the Company's business.
Nester S. Logan was appointed to the Board of Directors on December 20, 2010. He is the owner of S.S. Logan Packing Co. located in Huntington, West Virginia. Mr. Logan was a Director of First Sentry Bancshares, Inc. Mr. Logan's experience in the Company's market area provides the Board with knowledge of business conditions in West Virginia and Ohio.
Samuel G. Kapourales was appointed to the Board of Directors on December 20, 2010. He is a Board Member of the West Virginia Health Care Authority and Kapourales Properties, LLC. Mr. Kapourales serves as a Director of First National Bank of Williamson and First Bank of Charleston. Mr. Kapourales' varied business experience makes him a valuable member of the Board.
Bruce H. Elliott was appointed to the Board of Directors on August 20, 2014. Mr. Elliott graduated Magna Cum Laude from Bridgewater College (Bridgewater, VA) with a degree in Accounting. He is a certified public accountant and Principal of D'amelio, Cohen & Associates, LLC, an accounting firm located in Baltimore, Maryland. Mr. Elliott is licensed in Maryland, Virginia, and West Virginia, and is a member of each state's CPA society. He is also active in various community service projects. Mr. Elliott's accounting and financial background provides insight to issues important to stockholders and investors.
Charles Abraham, MD was appointed to the Board of Directors on January 1, 2016. Dr. Abraham is an Otolaryngology (Ear Nose & Throat) Specialist in Huntington, WV and is affiliated with multiple hospitals in the area, including Cabell Huntington Hospital, St. Mary's Medical Center and Huntington Veterans Affairs Medical Center. He received his medical degree from West Virginia University School of Medicine and has been in practice since 1968. He also received a MBA degree from Marshall University in August 1996. Dr. Abraham is certified by the American Board of Otolaryngology and the West Virginia State Medical Association. Dr. Abraham's healthcare experience and understanding of health insurance related matters makes him a valuable member of the Board.
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS THAT YOU VOTE "FOR" EACH OF THE NOMINEES FOR DIRECTOR LISTED ABOVE.
Charles P. Crimmel was appointed as Chief Financial Officer of the Company on November 1, 2013 after serving as Controller from 2008 to 2013. Mr. Crimmel graduated from West Virginia University in 1995 with a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration and Accounting. Mr. Crimmel was employed by Union Boiler Company as a Field Clerk and Staff Accountant from 1995 to 1996. From 1996-2005, Mr. Crimmel served as Staff Accountant and Controller for Williams Union Boiler/Williams Service Group. From 2005-2008, Mr. Crimmel was Controller for Nitro Electric Company.
Board Independence
The Board of Directors consists of a majority of "independent directors" within the meaning of the NYSE American corporate governance listing standards. The Board of Directors has determined that Messrs. Scaggs, Molihan, Logan, Williams, Kapourales, Abraham, and Elliott are "independent directors" within the meaning of such standards. There were no transactions not required to be reported under "Certain Relationships and Related Transactions" that were considered in determining the independence of our directors.
Board Leadership Structure and Risk Oversight
Our board of directors is chaired by Mr. Marshall T. Reynolds, who is a non-executive director. We separate the roles of Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board in recognition of the differences between the two roles. The Chief Executive Officer is responsible for overseeing the day to day operations of the Company. The Chairman provides guidance to the Chief Executive Officer and, together with the entire board of directors helps develop the strategic plan for the Company.
The role of the board of directors in the Company's risk oversight process includes receiving reports from senior management on areas of material risk to the Company, including operational, financial, legal, regulatory, strategic and reputational risk. The full board reviews such reports and follows up with senior management to best determine how to address such risks.
Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance
Our common stock is registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The officers and directors and beneficial owners of greater than 10% of our common stock are required to file reports on Forms 3, 4 and 5 with the Securities and Exchange Commission disclosing beneficial ownership and changes in beneficial ownership of the common stock. Securities and Exchange Commission rules require disclosure in our Proxy Statement or Annual Report on Form 10-K of the failure of an officer, director or 10% beneficial owner of our common stock to file a Form 3, 4 or 5 on a timely basis. Based on our review of ownership reports required to be filed for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2018, all our directors, officers and owners of more than 10% of our common stock filed these reports on a timely basis.
Meetings of the Board of Directors
During fiscal 2018, the Board of Directors held twelve regular meetings and no special meetings. No director attended fewer than 75% in the aggregate of the total number of board meetings held. All directors serving on our committees attended more than 75% of the total number of committee meetings on which they served during fiscal 2018. Although not required, attendance of Board members at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders is encouraged. All members of our Board of Directors attended the 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.
Board Committees
Audit Committee
The Audit Committee consisted of Messrs. Scaggs, Logan, and Molihan, with Mr. Scaggs acting as chairman of the committee in fiscal 2018. The audit committee met four times during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2018. All the directors appointed to the audit committee are independent members of the board of directors, as defined by Securities and Exchange Commission rules (Rule 10A-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) and the NYSE American corporate governance listing standards. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate, and the Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Molihan qualifies as audit committee financial expert, as such term is defined by Securities and Exchange Commission rules. The committee's charter can be found at: www.energyservicesofamerica.com/posting/Audit_Committee_Charter_v1.pdf.
The Audit Committee reviews the professional services and independence of our independent registered public accounting firm and our accounts, procedures and internal controls. The audit committee also recommends the firm selected to be our independent registered public accounting firm, reviews and approves the scope of the annual audit, reviews and evaluates with the independent registered public accounting firm our annual audit and annual consolidated financial statements, reviews with management the status of internal accounting controls, evaluates problem areas having a potential financial impact on us that are brought to the committee's attention by management, the independent registered public accounting firm or the board of directors, and evaluates all of our public financial reporting documents.
The Audit Committee approved the appointment of Arnett Carbis Toothman to be our independent registered public accounting firm for the 2019 fiscal year. A representative of Arnett Carbis Toothman is expected to attend the 2019 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.
The following is a summary of fees paid to Arnett Carbis Toothman for services rendered in fiscal years 2018 and 2017.
Audit Fees. We were billed by Arnett Carbis Toothman, our independent registered public accountant, $115,926 and $111,798 for the services they have performed in connection with the audit of our financial statements included in our Annual Report for fiscal 2018 and 2017, respectively and for the review of interim financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q during these periods.
Audit-Related Fees. During fiscal years 2018 and 2017, we had no audit-related fees.
Tax Fees. During the fiscal years ended September 30, 2018 and 2017, we were billed by Arnett Carbis Toothman $54,663 and $22,822, respectively, for tax compliance services. Income tax fees were higher in fiscal year 2018 primarily due to net operating loss issues arising in fiscal year 2017 and cost incurred in 2018.
Employee Benefit Plan. During the fiscal years ended September 30, 2018 and 2017, we were billed by Arnett Carbis Toothman $36,866 and $38,619, respectively, for the services they performed in connection with the audit of our 401(k) Plan and Form 11-K filing.
All Other Fees. During fiscal years 2018 and 2017, we were billed by Arnett Carbis Toothman, $4,869 and $7,095, respectively, for fees billed for products and services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm other than those set forth above. These fees consisted primarily of travel and postage expenses.
Policy on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Non-Audit Services of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
The audit committee's policy is to pre-approve all audit and non-audit services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm. These services may include audit services, audit-related services, tax services and other services. Pre-approval is generally provided for up to one year and any pre-approval is detailed as to the service or category of services and is generally subject to a specific budget. The audit committee has delegated pre-approval authority to its Chairman when expedition of services is necessary. The independent registered public accounting firm and management are required to periodically report to the full audit committee regarding the extent of services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm in accordance with this pre-approval, and the fees for the services performed to date. All the fees paid in the audit-related, tax and all other categories during 2018 and 2017 were approved per the pre-approval policies.
Audit Committee Report
In accordance with rules established by the Securities and Exchange Commission, the audit committee has prepared the following report for inclusion in this proxy statement:
As part of its ongoing activities, the audit committee has:
Based on the review and discussions referred to above, the audit committee recommended to the Board of Directors that the audited consolidated financial statements be included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2018. In addition, the Audit Committee appointed Arnett Carbis Toothman LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, subject to the ratification of this appointment by the stockholders.
This report shall not be deemed incorporated by reference by any general statement incorporating by reference this proxy statement into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, except to the extent that we specifically incorporate this information by reference, and shall not otherwise be deemed filed under such Acts.
This report has been provided by the Audit Committee:
Neal W. Scaggs
Nester S. Logan
Keith Molihan
Nominating Committee
The Board has determined that the independent members of the Board of Directors will perform the duties of the nominating committee of the Board of Directors. The nominating committee does not have a written charter. The nominating committee will (i) identify individuals qualified to become members of the Board of Directors and recommend to the Board of Directors the nominees for election to the Board of Directors; (ii) recommend director nominees for each committee to the Board of Directors; and (iii) identify individuals to fill any vacancies on the Board of Directors. The nominating committee met one time during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2018.
The nominating committee of the Board identifies nominees by first evaluating the current members of the Board of Directors willing to continue in service. Current members of the Board of Directors with skills and experience that are relevant to our business and who are willing to continue in service are first considered for re-nomination, balancing the value of continuity of service by existing members of the Board of Directors with that of obtaining a new perspective. If any member of the Board of Directors does not wish to continue in service, or if the Board decides not to re-nominate a member for re-election, or if the size of the Board of Directors is increased, the independent directors would solicit suggestions for director candidates from all board members. The independent directors would seek to identify a candidate who at a minimum satisfies the following criteria:
The nominating committee will also consider whether a candidate satisfies the criteria for "independence" under Securities and Exchange Commission or NYSE American rules and, if a nominee is sought for service on the audit committee, the financial and accounting expertise of a candidate, including whether an individual qualifies as an "audit committee financial expert." The nominating committee will consider diversity in identifying nominees for director but has no specific policy or established criteria in this regard. The nominating committee seeks candidates who have a broad range of business experience when considering nominees to the Board of Directors.
Procedures for the Nomination of Directors by Stockholders
The Board of Directors has adopted procedures for the submission of director nominees by stockholders. If a determination is made that an additional candidate is needed for the Board of Directors, the independent members of the Board of Directors will consider candidates submitted by our stockholders. Stockholders can submit the names of qualified candidates for director by writing to our Corporate Secretary at 75 West 3rd Ave., Huntington, West Virginia 25701. The Corporate Secretary must receive a submission not less than forty-five (45) days prior to the date of our proxy materials for the preceding year's annual meeting. The submission must include the following information:
Stockholder Communications with the Board
A stockholder who wants to communicate with the Board of Directors or with any individual director can write to the Corporate Secretary at 75 West 3rd Ave., Huntington, West Virginia 25701, Attention: Corporate Secretary. The letter should indicate that the author is a stockholder and if shares are not held of record, should include appropriate evidence of stock ownership. Depending on the subject matter, the Secretary will:
At each board meeting, management shall present a summary of all communications received since the last meeting that were not forwarded and make those communications available to the directors.
Compensation Committee
The compensation committee consists of directors Joseph L. Williams, Keith Molihan and Nester S. Logan. Each member of the compensation committee is considered "independent" as defined in the NYSE American corporate governance listing standards. The Board of Directors has not adopted a written charter for the Committee. The compensation committee met one time during fiscal year 2018.
The compensation committee is appointed by the Board of Directors to assist the Board in developing compensation philosophy, criteria, goals and policies for our executive officers that reflect our values and strategic objectives. The committee reviews the performance of our executive officers and annually recommends to the full Board the compensation and benefits for our executive officers (including the Chief Executive Officer). The committee administers our equity and long-term incentive plans. The committee establishes the terms of employment and severance agreements/arrangements for executive officers, if applicable. The committee recommends to the full Board the compensation to be paid to our directors and any affiliates for their service on the Board. Finally, the committee establishes annual compensation percentage increases for all employees. Our President and Chief Executive Officer provides recommendations to the compensation committee related to our compensation program. However, our President and Chief Executive Officer does not vote on and is not present for any discussion of his own compensation.
For 2018, in making compensation decisions, the compensation committee did not use strict numerical formulas to determine the compensation paid to our executive officers. However, the committee considered a variety of factors in its deliberations over executive compensation, emphasizing the profitability and scope of our operations, the experience, expertise and management skills of the named executive officers and their role in our future success, as well as compensation surveys prepared by professional firms to determine compensation paid to executives performing similar duties for comparable companies. While the quantitative and non-quantitative factors described above were considered by the committee in determining the compensation paid to our named executive officers, such factors were not assigned a specific weight in evaluating the performance of the named executive officers. In determining the Chief Executive Officer's bonus, the Chairman of the Board also considers the above factors and makes a recommendation to the committee which authorizes such bonus. For the other named executive officer, the Chief Executive Officer considers the above factors and makes a recommendation to the committee which authorized his bonus. The Company did not pay bonuses to the named executive officers during fiscal year 2018.
The Compensation Committee has authority to approve the engagement of any compensation consultant it uses and the fees for those services. However, the Compensation Committee did not engage a compensation consultant to assist in determining the amount or form of executive and director compensation with respect to fiscal year 2018.
Code of Ethics
We have adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller or persons performing similar functions. The Code of Ethics was previously filed as an exhibit to our Registration Statement on Form S-1. A copy of the Code will be furnished without charge upon written request to the Corporate Secretary, Energy Services of America Corporation, 75 West 3rd Ave., Huntington, West Virginia 25701.
Executive and Director Compensation
We have adopted a compensation committee policy that reflects the compensation philosophy and objectives of the compensation committee.
Compensation Philosophy and Objectives
The compensation committee believes that an effective executive compensation program rewards the achievement of pre-established short term, long-term and strategic goals, and aligns executives' interests with those of our stockholders. The committee regularly evaluates both performance and compensation relative to other comparable companies. We also manage our named executive officers' compensation to align with the time horizon of our growth and development. As we grow, we strive to ensure that our compensation programs and practices remain consistent with our philosophy to provide competitive, performance-based, and risk appropriate compensation that enables us to attract, motivate and retain top performers who are essential to our successful growth and performance.
The primary objectives of our executive compensation program are to:
We accomplish all these objectives through a total compensation program that balances fixed and variable (i.e. incentive) compensation with a focus on providing rewards to named executive officers for their contributions towards achieving core business objectives and furthering our short and long-term performance. We balance our desire for superior performance with safeguards so that our programs do not result in excessive risk taking that can threaten our long-term value and stability.
We also recognize that our ability to attract and retain top talent has become even more critical as we grow.
Our executive compensation philosophy provides competitive ranges for each component of our compensation program and our compensation paid in the aggregate. The starting point targets market median, but by using performance-based instruments, actual compensation paid to our named executive officers varies depending on our performance against our stated objectives. We meet our compensation objectives for our named executive officers through the following components of their total compensation:
Executive total compensation is expected to vary each year and evolve over the long-term to reflect our performance relative to our peers and the industry, and to correspond with stockholder returns.
We review our executive compensation philosophy and programs annually to ensure that they are achieving desired objectives and supporting our needs as we grow to be a more complex organization.
Summary Compensation Table for Named Executive Officers. The following table shows the compensation of the Company's executive officers for the years ended September 30, 2018 and 2017. Mr. Crimmel was the only executive officer who received total compensation in excess of $100,000 for services to the Company or any of its subsidiaries during the years ended September 30, 2018 or 2017.
Benefit Plans
Stock Benefit Plans
Long Term Incentive Plan. Long Term Incentive Plan. In 2010, the Board of Directors adopted, and our stockholders approved, the Energy Services of America Corporation Long Term Incentive Plan (the "LTIP"), to provide our employees and directors with additional incentives to promote our growth and performance. The LTIP gives us the flexibility we need to continue to attract and retain highly qualified employees and directors by offering a competitive compensation program that is linked to the performance of our common stock.
The LTIP is administered by our compensation committee. The committee may determine the type of award and the terms and conditions of each award under the LTIP, which shall be set forth in an award agreement delivered to each participant. The LTIP authorizes the issuance of up to 1,200,000 shares of Company common stock pursuant to grants of restricted stock awards, performance share awards, restricted stock units, performance share units, incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options and stock appreciation rights, provided, however, that in any five-year period, no individual may receive a grant of any type for more than 180,000 shares.
The committee is authorized to grant awards, the vesting of which may be subject to the satisfaction of performance-based conditions. The vesting date of performance-based awards is the date on which all the performance measures are attained, and the performance period is concluded. Any unvested performance-based awards for which the performance measures are not satisfied will be forfeited without consideration. If the right to become vested in an award under the LTIP is conditioned on the completion of a specified period of service with the Company or its subsidiaries, without the achievement of performance measures or objectives, then the required period of service for full vesting shall be determined by the committee and evidenced in the award agreement. In general, no awards may vest at a rate exceeding one-third per year commencing one year after the date of grant.
Unless otherwise provided in an award agreement, in the event of a participant's termination of service for any reason other than disability, retirement, death or termination for cause, then (i) any stock options and stock appreciation rights shall be exercisable only as to those awards that were vested on the date of termination of service and only for a period of three months following termination, and (ii) any restricted stock awards or restricted stock units that have not vested as of the date of termination of service shall expire and be forfeited. In the event of termination for cause, any awards that have not vested, or have vested but have not been exercised (in the case of stock options and stock appreciation rights) shall expire and shall be forfeited.
Upon termination of service due to death or disability, all stock options and stock appreciation rights shall be exercisable as to all shares subject to an outstanding award, whether or not then exercisable, and all restricted stock and restricted stock unit awards shall become fully vested at the date of termination of service. Stock options and stock appreciation rights may be exercised for a period of one year following such termination of service.
Unless otherwise provided in an award agreement, upon termination of service due to retirement, all stock options and stock appreciation rights shall be exercisable as to all shares subject to an outstanding award, whether or not then exercisable. Unless otherwise provided in an award agreement, all other awards shall become fully vested on retirement.
Unless otherwise provided in an award agreement, upon the occurrence of an involuntary termination of employment (or, as to a director, termination of service as a director) following a "change in control" of the Company (as defined in the LTIP), all outstanding options and stock appreciation rights then held by a participant will become fully exercisable and all restricted stock and restricted stock unit awards shall be fully earned and vested. In the event of a change in control, any performance measure attached to an award shall be deemed satisfied as of the date of the change in control.
If the committee determines that a present or former participant has (i) used for profit, or disclosed to unauthorized persons, our confidential information or trade secrets; (ii) breached any contract with or violated any fiduciary obligation to us; or (iii) engaged in any conduct which the committee determines is injurious to the Company, the committee may cause that participant to forfeit his or her outstanding awards under the Plan.
If we are required to prepare an accounting restatement due to the material noncompliance of the Company, as a result of misconduct, with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws, any participant who is an executive officer shall (i) reimburse the Company the amount of any bonus or incentive compensation paid to such participant that were subsequently reduced due to the restatement; (ii) have outstanding awards granted under the LTIP cancelled; and/or (iii) reimburse the Company for any gains realized in the exercise of options, vesting of or open market sales of vested, restricted stock awards or performance share awards, payment of any restricted stock units, performance share units or stock appreciation rights granted to such participant, regardless of when issued, but only if, and to the extent that (A) the amount of the bonus or incentive compensation was calculated based on achievement of the original financial results; (B) the executive officer engaged in intentional misconduct that caused or partially caused the need for the restatement; and (C) the amount of the bonus or incentive compensation, as calculated under the restated financial results, is less than the amount actually paid or awarded under the original financial results.
The Board of Directors may, at any time, amend or terminate the LTIP or any award granted under the LTIP, provided that, except as provided in the LTIP, no amendment or termination may adversely impair the rights of an outstanding award without the participant's (or affected beneficiary's) written consent.
For fiscal year 2018, no awards were granted under LTIP to the named executive officers by the compensation committee.
Energy Services 401(k) Plan
401(k) Retirement Plan. We maintain the Energy Services of America Staff 401(k) Retirement Plan (the "Plan"). Our three wholly owned subsidiaries, C. J. Hughes Construction Company, Inc., Nitro Electric Company, Inc., and Contractors Rental Corporation adopted the Plan on behalf of their non-union employees. Employees are eligible to participate in the Plan upon completion of six months of service but must wait until a quarterly entry date to join the Plan. Employees may contribute eligible wages up to the maximum indexed dollar amount set by the Internal Revenue Service, which was $18,500 for 2018. In addition, participants who are age 50 or older by the end of the Plan year may elect to defer up to an additional $6,000 into the 401(k) Plan for 2018. The Company provided a matching contribution to each participant's account equal to 100% of each dollar contributed for the first 3% of eligible wages and 50% of each dollar contributed for the next 3% of eligible wages. The Company's matching contribution is used by the Plan's third-party administrator to purchase Energy Services of America stock from the open market. Additionally, each Plan year, the Company may make discretionary profit-sharing contributions for participants who are actively employed on the last day of the Plan year. The discretionary contributions will be allocated to a qualifying participant's individual account based on the ratio of his or her compensation to the total compensation of all qualifying participants for the Plan year. No discretionary profit-sharing contributions were made in 2018. Participants direct the investment of their account in the Plan, selecting from investment funds provided under the Plan. Participants receive quarterly benefit statements that provide information on their account balances and have immediate access to their account through an Interactive Voice Response System and the Internet. Plan benefits are paid as soon as administratively possible following the participant's termination of employment. Lump sums, partial payments and installment payments are available if the participant's account balance exceeds $1,000.
Energy Services of America Corporation 2009 Employee Stock Purchase Plan
The plan enables eligible employees to purchase common stock through payroll deductions. The plan is intended to qualify under Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code and its regulations. Up to 1,200,000 shares of common stock, subject to adjustments, may be issued under this plan. An eligible employee's stock purchases during a calendar year may not exceed the lesser of: (a) a percentage of the participant's compensation or a total dollar amount as specified by the committee or (b) $25,000. During 2018, we did not utilize the plan.
Director Compensation
The table set forth below shows the compensation of our non-executive directors for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2018. We did not make any non-equity incentive plan awards to directors and there were no preferential earnings on nonqualified deferred compensation. Each Director received retainer fees of $1,000 per month. No fee payments were made for committee participation.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
We intend that all transactions between us and our executive officers, directors, holders of 10% or more of the shares of any class of our common stock and affiliates thereof, will be on terms no less favorable than those terms given to unaffiliated third parties and will be approved by a majority of our independent outside directors not having any interest in the transaction.
On December 16, 2014, the Company's Nitro subsidiary entered into a 20-year $1.2 million loan agreement with First Bank of Charleston, Inc. (West Virginia) to purchase the office building and property it had previously been leasing for $6,300 monthly. Mr. Douglas Reynolds, President of Energy Services, is a director and secretary of First Bank of Charleston. Mr. Nester Logan and Mr. Samuel Kapourales, directors of Energy Services, are also directors of First Bank of Charleston. The interest rate on the loan agreement is 4.82% with monthly payments of $7,800. As of September 30, 2018, we have paid approximately $145,000 in principal and approximately $205,000 in interest since the beginning of the loan.
Other than as disclosed above, there were no related party transactions.
Our independent registered public accounting firm for the year ended September 30, 2018 was Arnett Carbis Toothman LLP. Our Audit Committee has approved the engagement of Arnett Carbis Toothman LLP to be our independent registered public accounting firm for the year ending September 30, 2019, subject to the ratification of the engagement by our stockholders as required by our Bylaws. At the Annual Meeting, the stockholders will consider and vote on the ratification of the engagement of Arnett Carbis Toothman LLP for the year ending September 30, 2019. A representative of Arnett Carbis Toothman is expected to attend the 2019 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and will have the opportunity to make a statement if desired and will be available to respond to appropriate questions.
Although stockholder ratification of the independent registered public accounting firm is being sought, the Audit Committee, at its discretion, may direct the appointment of a different independent registered public accounting firm at any time during the year if it determines that such change is in the best interest of Energy Services of America Corporation and its stockholders.
In order to ratify the selection of Arnett Carbis Toothman LLP as the independent registered public accounting firm for the year ending September 30, 2019, the proposal must receive at least a majority of the votes represented at the Annual Meeting, without regard to abstentions or broker non-votes, in favor of such ratification.
THE AUDIT COMMITTEE OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS THAT YOU VOTE "FOR" THE RATIFICATION OF ARNETT CARBIS TOOTHMAN LLP AS THE INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM FOR THE YEAR ENDING SEPTEMBER 30, 2019.
The compensation of our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer ("Named Executive Officers") is described in "Executive and Director Compensation." Stockholders are urged to read the Executive Compensation section of this Proxy Statement, which discusses our compensation policies and procedures with respect to our Named Executive Officers.
In accordance with Section 14A of the Exchange Act, stockholders will be asked at the Annual Meeting to provide their support with respect to the compensation of our Named Executive Officers by voting on the following advisory, non-binding resolution:
RESOLVED, that the stockholders of Energy Services of America Corporation (the "Company") approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of the Company's Named Executive Officers described in the Executive Compensation section of the Proxy Statement, the compensation tables and other narrative executive compensation disclosures set forth in that section.
This advisory vote, commonly referred to as a "say-on-pay" advisory vote, is non-binding on the Board of Directors. Although non-binding, the Board of Directors and the Compensation Committee value constructive dialogue on executive compensation and other important governance topics with our stockholders and encourages all stockholders to vote their shares on this matter. The Board of Directors and the Compensation Committee will review the voting results and take them into consideration when making future decisions regarding our executive compensation programs.
Unless otherwise instructed, validly executed proxies will be voted "FOR" this resolution.
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT YOU VOTE "FOR" THE RESOLUTION SET FORTH IN PROPOSAL III.
In accordance with Section 14A of the Exchange Act, we are providing a stockholder advisory vote to approve the compensation of executives (the "say-on-pay" advisory vote in Proposal Three above) this year and will do so at least once every three years thereafter.  Pursuant to Section 14A of the Exchange Act, we are also asking stockholders to vote on whether future "say-on-pay" advisory votes on executive compensation should occur every year, every two years or every three years. We are required to conduct this vote at least once every six years.
After careful consideration, the Board of Directors recommends that future stockholder "say-on-pay" advisory votes on executive compensation be conducted every year.  The determination was based upon the premise that Named Executive Officer compensation is evaluated, adjusted and approved on an annual basis by the Board of Directors upon a recommendation from the Compensation Committee and the belief that investor sentiment should be a factor taken into consideration by the Compensation Committee in making its annual recommendation.
Although the Board of Directors recommends a "say-on-pay" vote every year, stockholders will be able to specify one of four choices for this proposal on the proxy card: one year, two years, three years or abstain. Stockholders are not voting to approve or disapprove of the Board of Directors' recommendation.
Although this advisory vote regarding the frequency of "say-on-pay" votes is non-binding on the Board of Directors, the Board of Directors and the Compensation Committee will review the voting results and take them into consideration when deciding how often to conduct future "say-on-pay" stockholder advisory votes.
Unless otherwise instructed, validly executed proxies will be voted for the "One Year" frequency option.
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT YOU VOTE TO SELECT THE "ONE YEAR" FREQUENCY OPTION.
In order to be eligible for inclusion in the proxy materials for next year's Annual Meeting of Stockholders, any stockholder proposal to take action at such meeting must be received at our executive office located at 75 West 3rd Avenue, Huntington, West Virginia 25701, no later than September 12, 2019, which is 120 days before the date on which we expect to mail our proxy materials for the next annual meeting. Any such proposals shall be subject to the requirements of the proxy rules adopted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
Advance Notice of Business to be Conducted at an Annual Meeting
Our bylaws provide an advance notice procedure for business, or nominations to the Board of Directors, to be brought before an annual meeting of stockholders. In order for a stockholder to properly bring business before an annual meeting, or to propose a nominee to the Board of Directors, a stockholder's notice must be delivered to or mailed and received at our principal executive offices not less than sixty (60) days nor more than ninety (90) days prior to the meeting; provided, however, that in the event that less than seventy (70) days notice or prior public disclosure of the date of the annual meeting is given or made to stockholders, notice by a stockholder, to be timely, must be received no later than the close of business on the tenth (10th) day following the day on which such notice of the date of the annual meeting was mailed or such public disclosure was made, whichever first occurs. A stockholder's notice to the Secretary shall set forth (a) as to each matter the stockholder proposes to bring before the annual meeting (i) a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the annual meeting and the reasons for conducting such business at the annual meeting, and (ii) any material interest of the stockholder in such business, and (b) as to the stockholder giving the notice (i) the name and record address of the stockholder and (ii) the class, series and number of shares of our capital stock which are beneficially owned by the stockholder. In the case of nominations to the Board of Directors, certain information regarding the nominee must be provided. Nothing in this paragraph shall be deemed to require us to include in our proxy statement and proxy relating to an annual meeting any stockholder proposal that does not meet all of the requirements for inclusion established by the Securities and Exchange Commission in effect at the time such proposal is received.
Accordingly, advance written notice for business to be brought before the next annual meeting must be given to us no later than December 20, 2019, and no earlier than November 20, 2019, assuming next year's annual meeting is held on February 19, 2020. If notice is received after that date, it will be considered untimely, and we will not be required to present the matter at the meeting.
The Board of Directors is not aware of any business to come before the Annual Meeting other than the matters described above in this Proxy Statement. However, if any matters should properly come before the Annual Meeting, it is intended that holders of the proxies will act as directed by a majority of the Board of Directors, except for matters related to the conduct of the Annual Meeting, as to which they shall act in accordance with their best judgment. The Board of Directors intends to exercise its discretionary authority to the fullest extent permitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
The cost of solicitation of proxies in the form enclosed herewith will be borne by Energy Services of America Corporation. Proxies also may be solicited personally or by mail, telephone or telegraph by our directors, officers and employees, without additional compensation therefor. We also will request persons, firms and corporations holding shares in their names, or in the names of their nominees which are beneficially owned by others, to send proxy materials to and to obtain proxies from such beneficial owners, and will reimburse such holders for their reasonable expenses in doing so.
ADDITIONAL COPIES OF OUR ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2018 WILL BE FURNISHED WITHOUT CHARGE TO STOCKHOLDERS AS OF THE RECORD DATE UPON WRITTEN OR TELEPHONIC REQUEST TO CHARLES CRIMMEL, ENERGY SERVICES OF AMERICA CORPORATION, 75 WEST 3RD AVENUE, HUNTINGTON, WEST VIRGINIA 25701, OR CALL (304) 522-3868. 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 ENERGY SERVICES OF AMERICA CORPORATION 2019          Annual Meeting of Stockholders   WEDNESDAY          FEBRUARY 20, 2019           12:00 P.M. local time   This          Proxy is Solicited on Behalf of           the Board of Directors 
 ENERGY SERVICES OF AMERICA CORPORATION 2019          Annual Meeting of Stockholders   WEDNESDAY          FEBRUARY 20, 2019           12:00 P.M. local time   This          Proxy is Solicited on Behalf of           the Board of Directors 
 ENERGY SERVICES OF AMERICA CORPORATION 2019          Annual Meeting of Stockholders   WEDNESDAY          FEBRUARY 20, 2019           12:00 P.M. local time   This          Proxy is Solicited on Behalf of           the Board of Directors 
 ENERGY SERVICES OF AMERICA CORPORATION 2019          Annual Meeting of Stockholders   WEDNESDAY          FEBRUARY 20, 2019           12:00 P.M. local time   This          Proxy is Solicited on Behalf of           the Board of Directors 
[END TABLE]
¨FOLD HERE• DO NOT SEPARATE• INSERT IN ENVELOPE PROVIDED ¨
(Instruction: To withhold authority to vote for any individual nominee, strike a line through that nominee's name in the list above)
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE "FOR" PRO- POSALS 1, 2 AND 3 AND "ONE YEAR" FOR PROPOSAL 4.
COMPANY ID:
PROXY NUMBER:
ACCOUNT NUMBER:
Note: Please sign exactly as name appears hereon. When shares are held by joint owners, both should sign. When signing as attorney, executor, administrator, trustee, guardian, or corporate officer, please give title as such.
Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held February 20, 2019.
The proxy statement and our 2018 Annual Report to Stockholders are available at https://energyservicesofamerica.com/stockholder/2019-esa-proxy-statement.pdf
¨FOLD HERE• DO NOT SEPARATE• INSERT IN ENVELOPE PROVIDED ¨
REVOCABLE PROXY
ENERGY SERVICES OF AMERICA CORPORATION   ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
February 20, 2019
The undersigned hereby appoints the Board of Directors with full powers of substitution to act as attorneys and proxies for the undersigned to vote all shares of common stock of Energy Services of America Corporation (the "Company") which the undersigned is entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders ("Annual Meeting") to be held at the Pullman Plaza Hotel, 1001 Third Avenue, Huntington, West Virginia 25701 on February 20, 2019, at 12:00 p.m., local time. The proxy holders are authorized to cast all votes to which the undersigned is entitled as follows:
THIS PROXY IS SOLICITED BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
THIS PROXYWILL BEVOTEDAS DIRECTED, BUT IF NO INSTRUCTIONSARE SPECIFIED, THIS PROXYWILL BE VOTED FOR EACH OF THE PROPOSALS STATED ABOVE AND "ONE YEAR" FOR PROPOSAL 4. IF ANY OTHER BUSINESS IS PRESENTED AT SUCH ANNUAL MEETING, THIS PROXY WILL BE VOTED AS DIRECTED BY A MAJORITY OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS. AT THE PRESENT TIME, THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS KNOWS OF NO OTHER BUSINESS TO BE PRESENTED AT THE ANNUAL MEETING.
Should the undersigned be present and elect to vote at the Annual Meeting or at any adjournment thereof and after notification to the Secretary of the Company at the Annual Meeting of the stockholder's decision to terminate this proxy, then the power of said attorneys and proxies shall be deemed terminated and of no further force and effect. This proxy may also be revoked by sending written notice to the Secretary of the Company at the address set forth on the Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders, or by the filing of a later proxy prior to a vote being taken on a particular proposal at the Annual Meeting. The undersigned acknowledges receipt from the Company prior to the execution of this proxy of notice of the Annual Meeting, a Proxy Statement dated January 11, 2019 and the Company's 2018 Annual Report on Form 10-K, including audited financial statements.
(Continued and to be marked, dated and signed, on the other side)
