UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
SCHEDULE 14A
(Rule 14a-101)
INFORMATION REQUIRED IN PROXY STATEMENT
SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION
Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. )
Filed by the Registrant   ☒
Filed by a Party other than the Registrant   ☐
[BEGIN TABLE]
  Check the appropriate box:     						   
  ☐    Preliminary Proxy Statement     						   
  ☐    Confidential, For Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2))  
  ☒    Definitive Proxy Statement     						   
  ☐    Definitive Additional Materials     						   
  ☐    Soliciting Material Pursuant to §240.14a-12  
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
  The First of Long Island Corporation  
  (Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)  
  (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if Other Than the Registrant)  
  Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box):  
  ☒    No fee required  
  ☐    Fee computed on the table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11.  
      (1)    Title of each class of securities to which transaction applies:  
      (2)    Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies:  
      (3)    Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11 (set forth the amount on which the filing fee is calculated and state how it was determined):  
      (4)    Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction:  
      (5)    Total fee paid:  
  ☐    Fee paid previously with preliminary materials:  
  ☐    Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing for which the offsetting fee was paid previously. Identify the previous filing by registration statement number, or the Form or Schedule and the date of its filing.  
      (1)    Amount previously paid:  
      (2)    Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.:  
      (3)    Filing Party:  
      (4)    Date Filed:  
[END TABLE]
THE FIRST OF LONG ISLAND CORPORATION
10 GLEN HEAD ROAD
GLEN HEAD, NEW YORK 11545
___________________________________________________
NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
TO BE HELD APRIL 16, 2019
___________________________________________________
March 15, 2019
To the Stockholders of
The First of Long Island Corporation:
Notice is hereby given that the Annual Meeting of Stockholders of THE FIRST OF LONG ISLAND CORPORATION will be held at NORTH HEMPSTEAD COUNTRY CLUB,  291 PORT WASHINGTON BLVD.,  PORT WASHINGTON, NEW YORK, on Tuesday, April 16, 2019, at 3:30 P.M. local time for the following purposes:
[BEGIN TABLE]
    (1)      To elect six directors to hold office for a two-year term and until their successors are duly elected and qualified; 
    (2)      To conduct a non-binding, advisory vote to approve the compensation paid to the Corporation's named executive officers; 
    (3)      To ratify the appointment of Crowe LLP as the Corporation's independent registered public accounting firm for 2019; and 
    (4)      To transact any other business as may properly come before the meeting. 
[END TABLE]
Only stockholders of record at the close of business on March 1, 2019 are entitled to notice of and to vote at such meeting or any adjournment thereof.     
[BEGIN TABLE]
  By Order of the Board of Directors  
  Christopher Becker  
  Executive Vice President  
  Chief Risk Officer and Corporate Secretary  
[END TABLE]
IMPORTANT -- PLEASE VOTE YOUR PROXY PROMPTLY.
IN ORDER THAT THERE MAY BE PROPER REPRESENTATION AT THE MEETING, YOU ARE URGED TO SIGN, DATE AND RETURN THE ENCLOSED PROXY IN THE POSTAGE-PAID ENVELOPE PROVIDED, OR TO VOTE ELECTRONICALLY AS PROVIDED IN THE INSTRUCTIONS INCLUDED HEREWITH.
[BEGIN TABLE]
    TABLE OF CONTENTS     						   
    TABLE OF CONTENTS     						   
  VOTING SECURITIES AND PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS  1   				 
  VOTING PROCEDURES AND METHODS OF COUNTING VOTES  2   				 
  PROPOSAL 1 - ELECTION OF DIRECTORS FOR TWO YEAR TERMS  3   				 
  BUSINESS EXPERIENCE OF DIRECTORS  4   				 
  QUALIFICATIONS OF DIRECTORS  4   				 
  BOARD LEADERSHIP STRUCTURE  7   				 
  BOARD'S ROLE IN RISK OVERSIGHT  7   				 
  MEETINGS OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS  7   				 
  BOARD COMMITTEES AND MEETINGS  8   				 
  BOARD MEMBER ATTENDANCE AT ANNUAL MEETINGS  10   				 
  SECURITY HOLDER COMMUNICATIONS TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS  10   				 
  COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS  11   				 
  MANAGEMENT  12   				 
  PROPOSAL 2 - NON-BINDING, ADVISORY VOTE TO APPROVE THE COMPENSATION PAID TO THE CORPORATION'S NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS  13   				 
  COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT  13   				 
  COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS  13   				 
  COMPENSATION OF EXECUTIVE OFFICERS  19   				 
  COMPENSATION PURSUANT TO PLANS  21   				 
  EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION  22   				 
  PENSION BENEFITS  23   				 
  NONQUALIFIED DEFERRED COMPENSATION  25   				 
  EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS  25   				 
  TRANSACTIONS WITH MANAGEMENT AND OTHERS  27   				 
  SECTION 16(A) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING COMPLIANCE  27   				 
  PROPOSAL 3 - RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM  28   				 
  AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT  29   				 
  OTHER MATTERS  30   				 
  STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS  30   				 
  INTERNET AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS  30   				 
  ANNUAL REPORTS TO STOCKHOLDERS  30   				 
[END TABLE]
THE FIRST OF LONG ISLAND CORPORATION
10 Glen Head Road
Glen Head, New York 11545
(516) 671-4900
PROXY STATEMENT
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
The accompanying proxy is being solicited by the Board of Directors ("Board") of The First of Long Island Corporation ("Corporation" or "Company") for use at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held at 3:30 P.M. local time at North Hempstead Country Club,  291 Port Washington Blvd.,  Port Washington, New York on April 16, 2019.  The approximate date on which proxy statements and forms of proxy are first being sent or given to stockholders is March 15, 2019.
Proxies in the accompanying form that are properly executed and duly returned to the Corporation, or voted electronically, will be voted at the meeting in accordance with the instructions provided.  Where no instructions are indicated, properly executed proxies will be voted "For" the proposals set forth in this proxy statement.  Each proxy granted may be revoked at any time prior to its exercise by written notice filed with the secretary of the Corporation, by the submission of a later dated and executed proxy or by notice given during the meeting by the stockholder to the presiding officer of the meeting.  The presence in person or by proxy of the holders of a majority of the shares entitled to vote at the annual meeting constitutes a quorum for the transaction of business.  The meeting (whether or not a quorum is present) may be adjourned to a subsequent date, provided notice of the time and place to which the meeting is adjourned are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken.    At an adjourned meeting, any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the meeting as originally scheduled.    In the event there are not sufficient votes for a quorum, or to approve or ratify any matter being presented at the time of this Annual Meeting, the Annual Meeting may be adjourned in order to permit the further solicitation of proxies.
VOTING SECURITIES AND PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS
The only class of voting securities of the Corporation is its Common Stock, $.10 par value ("Common Stock"), each share of which entitles the holder thereof to one vote except in the election of directors, where votes may be cumulated as described herein.  Only stockholders of record at the close of business on March 1, 2019 are entitled to notice of and to vote at the meeting. 
As of March 1, 2019, there were 25,153,936 shares of the Common Stock issued, all of which were outstanding and entitled to vote.  To the best knowledge of the Corporation, the only persons owning beneficially more than five percent (5%) of the Common Stock of the Corporation as of March 1, 2019 are identified in the table below. 
[BEGIN TABLE]
  Name and Address  of Beneficial Owner    Amount and Nature of  Beneficial Ownership    Percent  of Class  
  Name and Address  of Beneficial Owner    Amount and Nature of  Beneficial Ownership    Percent  of Class  
  BlackRock, Inc.  55 East 52nd Street  New York, NY 10055    1,861,519 shares (1)  7.40%   				 
  BlackRock, Inc.  55 East 52nd Street  New York, NY 10055    1,861,519 shares (1)  7.40%   				 
  Franklin Mutual Advisors, LLC  101 John F. Kennedy Parkway  Short Hills, NJ 07078-2789   						     2,149,469 shares (2)  8.55%   				 
  Franklin Mutual Advisors, LLC  101 John F. Kennedy Parkway  Short Hills, NJ 07078-2789   						     2,149,469 shares (2)  8.55%   				 
  Franklin Mutual Advisors, LLC  101 John F. Kennedy Parkway  Short Hills, NJ 07078-2789   						     2,149,469 shares (2)  8.55%   				 
    (1)      Based on a Schedule 13G/A filed on February 4, 2019. 
    (2)      Based on a Schedule 13G/A filed on January 30, 2019.  
[END TABLE]
 Following is information with respect to the beneficial ownership of the Corporation's Common Stock as of March 1, 2019 by all directors and nominees, by the executive officers of the Corporation named in the "Summary Compensation Table" ("named executive officers" or "NEOs"), and by directors and all executive officers of the Corporation as a group.
[BEGIN TABLE]
  Title of Class    Beneficial Owner    Amount and Nature of  Beneficial Ownership(1)    Percent  of Class  
  Title of Class    Beneficial Owner    Amount and Nature of  Beneficial Ownership(1)    Percent  of Class  
  Common Stock    Paul T. Canarick  309,529   				   (2)  1.23%   				 
  ($.10 par value)    Alexander L. Cover  41,653   				   (3)    .17%  
      John J. Desmond  5,105   				    						     .02%  
      Howard Thomas Hogan, Jr.  203,109   				   (4)    .81%  
      Louisa M. Ives  75   				    						     -  
      Stephen V. Murphy  50,281   				   (5)    .20%  
      Peter Quick  40,223   				    						     .16%  
      Denise Strain  1,999   				    						     .01%  
      Milbrey Rennie Taylor  32,540   				   (6)    .13%  
      Walter C. Teagle III  149,658   				   (7)    .59%  
      Eric J. Tveter  9,704   				    						     .04%  
      Michael N. Vittorio  115,679   				    						     .46%  
      Mark D. Curtis  82,244   				   (8)    .33%  
      Christopher Becker  17,005   				    						     .07%  
      Christopher Hilton  6,654   				    						     .03%  
      Paul Daley  12,426   				    						     .05%  
      Directors and Executive Officers as a group (19 persons)  1,244,157   				   (9)  4.93%   				 
    (1)      Includes shares as to which a person (or his/her spouse) directly or indirectly has or shares voting power and/or investment power (which includes the power to dispose) and all shares which the person has a right to acquire within 60 days of the reporting date. 
    (2)      Includes 6,272 shares that can be acquired by the exercise of stock options. 
    (3)      Includes 6,272 shares that can be acquired by the exercise of stock options. 
    (4)      Includes 6,272 shares that can be acquired by the exercise of stock options. 
    (5)      Includes 6,272 shares that can be acquired by the exercise of stock options. 
    (6)      Includes 6,272 shares that can be acquired by the exercise of stock options.  
    (7)      Includes 12,540 shares that can be acquired by the exercise of stock options. 
    (8)      Includes 11,629 shares that can be acquired by the exercise of stock options. 
    (9)      Includes 77,581 shares that can be acquired by the exercise of stock options. 
[END TABLE]
VOTING PROCEDURES AND METHODS OF COUNTING VOTES
As to Proposal 1 regarding the election of directors, the proxy card being provided by the Board enables a stockholder to vote "For" the election of the six nominees proposed by the Board or to "Withhold Authority" to vote for the nominees being proposed.  As discussed under Proposal 1, cumulative voting applies to the election of directors.  Directors are elected by a plurality of the votes cast, without regard to either broker non-votes or proxies as to which the authority to vote for the nominee is withheld.
As to Proposals 2 and 3, a stockholder may: (1) vote "For" the item, (2) vote "Against" the item, or (3) "Abstain" from voting on the item.  In order to approve Proposals 2 and 3,  each proposal must receive the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares voting on each matter at the annual meeting without regard to either shares as to which the "Abstain" box is marked or broker non-votes.        
Proxies solicited hereby will be returned to the Corporation, tabulated by the Corporation's registrar and transfer agent and reviewed by the inspectors of election designated by the Board. PROPOSAL 1
ELECTION OF DIRECTORS FOR TWO YEAR TERMS
The Board of the Corporation currently consists of twelve members.  The Board has nominated John J. Desmond, Howard Thomas Hogan, Jr., Milbrey Rennie Taylor, Walter C. Teagle III and Michael N. Vittorio as the Class I directors for re-election and Louisa M. Ives for election as a Class I director.  Each Board member and nominee, with the exception of Michael N. Vittorio who serves as President and Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") of the Corporation and its wholly owned bank subsidiary, The First National Bank of Long Island ("Bank"), is independent as defined in the Nasdaq Rules.
The Board is divided into two classes, Class I and Class II.  The following table sets forth the present composition of the Board.
[BEGIN TABLE]
  Name    Class    Expiration  of Term  
  Name    Class    Expiration  of Term  
  John J. Desmond    I    2019  
  Howard Thomas Hogan, Jr.    I    2019  
  Louisa M. Ives    I    2019  
  Milbrey Rennie Taylor    I    2019  
  Walter C. Teagle III    I    2019  
  Michael N. Vittorio    I    2019  
  Paul T. Canarick    II    2020  
  Alexander L. Cover    II    2020  
  Stephen V. Murphy    II    2020  
  Peter Quick    II    2020  
  Denise Strain    II    2020  
  Eric J. Tveter    II    2020  
[END TABLE]
It is intended that shares represented by properly executed proxies will be voted at the meeting in accordance with the instructions indicated thereon and, in the absence of contrary indication, for the re-election of directors Desmond, Hogan, Taylor, Teagle and Vittorio and for the election of director Ives.  Each of the Class I directors will hold office until his or her successor is elected and qualified, except that it is expected that Mr. Vittorio, in accordance with the terms of his employment agreement, will discontinue his service as a director at the annual meeting of stockholders following the year ending December 31, 2019.  If at the time of the 2019 Annual Meeting any of the nominees named above is unavailable or chooses not to serve as a director (an event that the Board does not now anticipate), the proxies will be voted for the election as director of such other person or persons as the Board may designate.
The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR all named nominees.
The following table sets forth a brief description of the business experience during the past five years of each of the nominees and Board members continuing in office.  It also indicates any other directorships held during the past five years in any company with a class of securities registered pursuant to section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("1934 Act") or subject to the requirements of section 15(d) of the 1934 Act or any company registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940.  The year set forth for each director is the year in which the person named became a director of the Corporation and the Bank with the exception of Mr. Hogan, who became a director of the Corporation upon its formation in 1984. BUSINESS EXPERIENCE OF DIRECTORS
[BEGIN TABLE]
    Name    Principal Occupations and  Other Directorships for Last 5 Years    Director  Since  
    Name    Principal Occupations and  Other Directorships for Last 5 Years    Director  Since  
  Paul T. Canarick  (Age 62)    President and Principal, Paul Todd, Inc. (Construction Company)    1992  
  Paul T. Canarick  (Age 62)    President and Principal, Paul Todd, Inc. (Construction Company)    1992  
  Alexander L. Cover  (Age 75)    Business and Management Consultant (Private Practice); Retired Partner of Ernst & Young LLP    2003  
  John J. Desmond  (Age 68)    Retired Partner of Grant Thornton LLP; Director and Chairman of the Audit Committee of MusclePharm Corporation    2016  
  Howard Thomas Hogan, Jr.  (Age 74)    Hogan & Hogan (Attorney, Private Practice)    1978  
  Howard Thomas Hogan, Jr.  (Age 74)    Hogan & Hogan (Attorney, Private Practice)    1978  
  Louisa M. Ives  (Age 52)    Managing Director and member of the Executive and Investment Committees of Chilton Trust Company    2019  
  Stephen V. Murphy  (Age 73)    President, S.V. Murphy & Co. (Financial Advisory Services); Director: Man FRM Alternative Multi-Strategy Fund LLC; UST Global Private Markets Fund, LLC; Excelsior Venture Partners III, LLC; Excelsior Private Markets Fund II, LLC; Excelsior Private Markets Fund III, LLC; NB Crossroads Private Markets Fund IV, LLC; NB Crossroads Private Market Fund V Holdings, LP; NB Crossroads Private Market Fund VI; Holborn Corporation     2005  
  Peter Quick  (Age 63)    Retired President of the American Stock Exchange; Retired Partner of Burke and Quick Partners Holdings LLP, the parent company of Burke & Quick Partners LLC, a broker dealer; Director: Medicure Inc.; Gain Capital         2015  
  Peter Quick  (Age 63)    Retired President of the American Stock Exchange; Retired Partner of Burke and Quick Partners Holdings LLP, the parent company of Burke & Quick Partners LLC, a broker dealer; Director: Medicure Inc.; Gain Capital         2015  
  Denise Strain  (Age 65)    Retired Managing Director of Citigroup Inc.    2017  
  Milbrey Rennie Taylor  (Age 72)    Retired Executive Producer of CBS News    2008  
  Walter C. Teagle III  (Age 69)    Chairman of the Board, The First of Long Island Corporation and The First National Bank of Long Island; President and Owner, Teagle Management, Inc. (Private Investment Firm); Managing General Partner, Gulo Capital Partners L.P. (Private Investment Partnership); Chairman and Director, The Teagle Foundation, Inc. (Private Foundation)    1996  
  Walter C. Teagle III  (Age 69)    Chairman of the Board, The First of Long Island Corporation and The First National Bank of Long Island; President and Owner, Teagle Management, Inc. (Private Investment Firm); Managing General Partner, Gulo Capital Partners L.P. (Private Investment Partnership); Chairman and Director, The Teagle Foundation, Inc. (Private Foundation)    1996  
  Eric J. Tveter  (Age 60)    Chairman of Upc Switzerland and Chief Executive Officer of Upc Central and Eastern Europe, Liberty Global plc; Chief Executive Officer, Central Europe Group, Liberty Global plc; Formerly: Chief Executive Officer, upc cablecom GmbH of Switzerland; Formerly: Chief Executive Officer, Austria/Switzerland Region Liberty Global plc     2013  
  Michael N. Vittorio  (Age 66)    President and Chief Executive Officer, The First of Long Island Corporation and The First National Bank of Long Island    2003  
[END TABLE]
QUALIFICATIONS OF DIRECTORS
Diversity.  The Governance and Nominating Committee believes that the Board as a whole should adequately reflect the diversity of the Company's constituencies and the communities in which the Company conducts business.  Although the Committee considers diversity in identifying nominees for director, it does not have a formal policy in this regard.  The Committee has a broad view of diversity, and conceptualizes it to include differences of viewpoint, professional experience, education, skill and other individual qualities and attributes that contribute to board heterogeneity, as well as race, ethnicity, gender, and other characteristics. 
Specific Core Competencies.  In addition to general qualifications and the consideration of diversity, the Governance and Nominating Committee has developed a Skill Sets Matrix that sets forth the specific core competencies it believes one or more Board members should possess.  The matrix is used to evaluate the collective skills of the existing Board and identify the skills that the Committee should seek when filling a Board vacancy or increasing the size of the Board.  The Governance and Nominating Committee recognizes that some Board members may possess many of the core competencies, while others will possess only a few, but that each Board member should have particular strength with respect to at least one.  The identified core competencies, which are  subject to change from time to time, include, but are not limited to: corporate governance, banking, strategic planning, business leadership, organizational management and/or business operations, accounting and reporting, finance and/or investments,  technology and/or information security, mergers and acquisitions, legal and/or regulatory, real estate, marketing and/or public relations and financial accounting experience necessary to qualify as an "audit committee financial expert" as defined in Regulation S-K of the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC").
With respect to each of the Corporation's directors, the narrative that follows sets forth the specific experience, qualifications, attributes and skills that led to the conclusion that the person should serve as a director considering the Company's business and structure and the general qualifications and core competencies identified and deemed desirable by the Governance and Nominating Committee.  
Paul T. Canarick - Mr. Canarick joined the Board in 1992 and is a member of the Governance and Nominating, Loan and Asset Liability Committees.  Mr. Canarick is President and Principal of Paul Todd, Inc., a privately held construction company.  Mr. Canarick's experience has provided him with a number of the core competencies identified by the Governance and Nominating Committee, which include banking, business leadership, organizational management and business operations and real estate.
Alexander L. Cover - Mr. Cover joined the Board in 2003 and is Chairman of the Audit Committee and a member of the Governance and Nominating and Asset Liability Committees.  He is currently a business and management consultant in private practice and, among other things, assists privately held companies with developing business plans.  Previously, he was Partner-In-Charge of the financial institutions practice of the Long Island office of Ernst & Young LLP.  At Ernst & Young, Mr. Cover's experience also included, among other things, serving as review partner on both SEC and non-SEC engagements.  Mr. Cover has also been a director of a number of not-for-profit entities.  Mr. Cover's experience has provided him with a number of the core competencies identified by the Governance and Nominating Committee, which include corporate governance, banking, strategic planning, business leadership, organizational management and business operations, accounting and reporting, finance,  mergers and acquisitions, legal and regulatory.
John J. Desmond - Mr. Desmond joined the Board in 2016 and is a member of the Audit and Compensation Committees.  Previously, he was Partner-In-Charge of the Long Island office of Grant Thornton LLP from 1988 through his retirement from the firm in 2015, having served over 40 years in the public accounting industry.  At Grant Thornton, Mr. Desmond's experience also included, among other things, serving as lead audit partner for many public and privately-held companies.  Mr. Desmond was elected by the U.S. Partners of Grant Thornton LLP to be a Partnership Board Member from 2001 through 2013.  The Board was responsible for oversight of many of the firm's activities including strategic planning, the performance of the senior leadership team and financial performance.  Mr. Desmond also serves as a director of a publicly held company, and serves or has served as a board member of a number of not-for-profit entities.  Mr. Desmond's experience has provided him with a number of the core competencies identified by the Governance and Nominating Committee, which include corporate governance, banking, strategic planning, business leadership, organizational management and business operations, accounting and reporting, finance, mergers and acquisitions, legal and regulatory.
Howard Thomas Hogan, Jr., Esq. - Mr. Hogan joined the Board in 1978 and is a member of the Loan and Governance and Nominating Committees.  Mr. Hogan is currently an attorney in private practice, with an emphasis on real estate.  He currently serves and has served as a director of numerous not-for-profit and community organizations.  His experience has provided him with a number of the core competencies identified by the Governance and Nominating Committee, which include corporate governance, banking, legal, real estate and public relations.
Louisa M. Ives - Ms. Ives joined the Board in January 2019.  Ms. Ives has substantial experience in the financial services industry currently serving as Head of Manager Research at Chilton Trust Company where she is responsible for external manager selection and due diligence for Chilton clients.  Prior to her current role, Ms. Ives was a Managing Director and research analyst at Chilton Investment Company and served on the company's Board of Directors.  She currently serves on the boards of various not-for-profit and community organizations.  Ms. Ives experience has provided her with a number of the core competencies identified by the Governance and Nominating Committee, which include corporate governance, strategic planning, business leadership, organizational management and business operations, finance and investments and mergers and acquisitions.
Stephen V. Murphy - Mr. Murphy joined the Board in 2005 and is Chairman of the Asset Liability Committee and a member of the Compensation and Loan Committees.  He is currently President of S.V. Murphy & Co., a financial advisory firm.  He also serves as a director of several registered investment companies.  Mr. Murphy's experience includes Merrill Lynch Capital Markets, where he was Managing Director in the Investment Banking Department in charge of the Financial Institutions Mergers and Acquisitions Group.  Prior to that, Mr. Murphy was with The First Boston Corporation as Managing Director in the Corporate Finance Department in charge of the Commercial Banking Group for Financing and Strategic Services.  Mr. Murphy also serves or has served as a director for various publicly held and not-for-profit entities.  Mr. Murphy's experience has provided him with a number of the core competencies identified by the Governance and Nominating Committee, which include corporate governance, banking, strategic planning, accounting and reporting, finance and investments and mergers and acquisitions.
Peter Quick - Mr. Quick joined the Board in 2015 and is Chairman of the Loan Committee and a member of the Audit and Governance and Nominating Committees.  Mr. Quick has over 30 years of experience in the securities and financial services industries.  He is a recognized leader in the securities industry with experience in the domestic and international equity markets, equities market making, market structure reform, trading technology and clearing operations.  Mr. Quick is a retired Partner of Burke and Quick Partners Holdings LLP, the parent company of Burke & Quick Partners LLC, a broker dealer.  Mr. Quick was President of the American Stock  Exchange from 2000 to 2005.  Prior to joining the American Stock Exchange, he served as President of Quick & Reilly Inc., a Quick & Reilly subsidiary and a national discount brokerage firm.  Mr. Quick also serves or has served as a director of a number of publicly held companies and not-for-profit entities.  Mr. Quick's experience has provided him with a number of the core competencies identified by the Governance and Nominating Committee, which include corporate governance, banking, strategic planning, business leadership, organizational management and business operations, accounting and reporting, finance and investments,  technology and information security, mergers and acquisitions, legal and regulatory and real estate.
Denise Strain - Ms. Strain joined the Board in 2017 and is a member of the Governance and Nominating and Loan Committees.  Ms. Strain has 35 years of experience in the banking industry including most recently as the Managing Director and Senior Tax Counsel of Citigroup Inc.  Ms. Strain has served as a member of the Board of Trustees of a not-for-profit educational institution.    Ms. Strain's experience has provided her with a number of the core competencies identified by the Governance and Nominating Committee, which include corporate governance, banking, strategic planning, business leadership, organizational management and business operations, accounting and reporting, finance, mergers and acquisitions, legal and regulatory. 
Milbrey Rennie Taylor - Ms. Taylor joined the Board in 2008 and is Chair of the Governance and Nominating Committee and a member of the Compensation Committee.  Ms. Taylor's experience includes over thirty years in the television news business.  She served as Executive Producer of CBS News Sunday Morning and CBS Weekend News.  Ms. Taylor also served as Vice President of ThirdAge Media, an Internet company partly owned by CBS, Inc.  Ms. Taylor serves and has served as a director of a number of not-for-profit entities.  Ms. Taylor's experience has provided her with a number of the core competencies identified by the Governance and Nominating Committee, which include corporate governance, strategic planning, business leadership, organizational management and business operations, marketing and public relations. 
Walter C. Teagle III - Mr. Teagle joined the Board in 1996, became Chairman of the Board in 2005 and is an ex officio member for all purposes of all Board committees of the Corporation and the Bank.  Mr. Teagle is currently President and owner of Teagle Management, Inc., a private investment firm, Chairman and Director of The Teagle Foundation, Inc. and Managing General Partner of Gulo Capital Partners L.P., a private investment partnership.  Mr. Teagle's past experience includes a variety of executive and board positions including Managing Director, Groton Partners LLC, a merchant banking firm; Officer and Managing Director, Groton Asset Management LLC, an investment management company; Executive Vice President and Director, Lexent, Inc., a publicly-held infrastructure service provider; and President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director, Metro Design Systems, Inc., an engineering design services firm.  Mr. Teagle has also been a director of not-for-profit entities.  Mr. Teagle's experience has provided him with a number of the core competencies identified by the Governance and Nominating Committee, which include corporate governance, banking, strategic planning,  business leadership, organizational management and business operations, finance and investments, technology and information security, and mergers and acquisitions.  
Eric J. Tveter - Mr. Tveter joined the Board in 2013 and is Chairman of the Compensation Committee.  He is currently Chairman of Upc Switzerland and Chief Executive Officer of Upc Central and Eastern Europe, Liberty Global plc.  Prior to that he was Chief Executive Officer, Central Europe Group, Liberty Global plc; Chief Executive Officer, Austria/Switzerland Region,  Liberty Global plc; and Chief Executive Officer, upc cablecom GmbH of Switzerland.  Mr. Tveter has extensive knowledge and experience in the US, UK and European cable industries.  He was President of UK cable operator Telewest Global Inc. and held a range of senior management positions at Time Warner Cable, Comcast Corporation and Cablevision Systems Corporation.  Mr. Tveter also served as Chairman of Sightspeed Inc., a video conferencing and communications provider.    Mr. Tveter's experience has provided him with a number of the core competencies identified by the Governance and Nominating Committee, which include corporate governance, banking, strategic planning, business leadership, organizational management and business operations, accounting and reporting, finance, technology and information security, mergers and acquisitions, legal and regulatory, real estate, marketing and public relations.  
Michael N. Vittorio - Mr. Vittorio has been CEO of the Corporation and the Bank since 2003 and is a member of the Loan and Asset Liability Committees of the Bank.  Prior to his employment by the Company in 2002, Mr. Vittorio was employed at J.P. Morgan Chase as Senior Vice President responsible for managing Chase Insurance Agency's Insurance Brokerage and Advisory Service Business.  Previously he served in various capacities at J.P. Morgan Chase including Senior Credit Officer for Small Business Financial Services, Middle Market Regional Manager and Division Executive in the Small Business/Commercial Division.  Mr. Vittorio also serves or has served as a director of a variety of not-for-profit entities.  Mr. Vittorio's experience has provided him with a number of the core competencies identified by the Governance and Nominating Committee, which include corporate governance, banking, strategic planning, business leadership, organizational management and business operations, mergers and acquisitions, real estate, marketing and public relations. BOARD LEADERSHIP STRUCTURE
The Board has determined that the Chairman of the Board will be an independent director.  The Board believes that stockholder interests are best served by having a Chairman of the Board who is independent of management and whose exclusive responsibility is the long-term best interest of the Corporation's stockholders.
Walter C. Teagle III has served as Chairman of the Board since May 2005.  As Chairman, Mr. Teagle organizes the work of the Board and ensures that the Board has access to sufficient information to enable it to carry out its functions, including monitoring the Corporation's performance and the performance of the Board and management.  The role of the Chairman of the Board includes: (1) presiding over all meetings of the Board and stockholders, including regular executive sessions of the Board in which the CEO, a management director, and other members of management do not participate; (2) establishing the annual agenda of the Board and agendas of each meeting in consultation with the CEO; (3) serving as an ex officio member of each board committee and advising with respect to the work of each Board committee; (4) coordinating periodic Board reviews of management's strategic plan for the Corporation; and (5) coordinating the Compensation Committee annual performance review of the CEO.
BOARD'S ROLE IN RISK OVERSIGHT
Risk is an integral part of Board and Board committee discussions.  The significant risks facing the Corporation are set forth in an Enterprise Risk Management document.  The Corporation's management team, which includes a Chief Risk Officer, is responsible for identifying, assessing and managing risk and the Board is responsible for risk oversight and fulfills this responsibility primarily through its committees.  In granting authority to management, approving policies and strategies and receiving management reports, the Board and its committees consider, among other things, the risks that the Corporation faces.  For each critical risk, such as credit risk, interest rate risk,  liquidity risk, and cybersecurity risk, the Corporation has a formal written policy that is approved by an appropriate Board committee or the full Board.
As reflected in the Corporation's Corporate Governance Guidelines, the Board and its committees address succession planning risk both in the ordinary course of business and on a contingent basis in case of unexpected events.  The Corporation has comprehensive written succession planning documents that cover the Board and its committees, the CEO and the other members of executive management and from time to time retains consultants with expertise in succession planning matters.  The Corporation's succession planning documents are updated no less often than annually and are actively used by the Board and its committees to oversee and ensure a smooth transition should Board members or key members of executive management retire or otherwise leave the employ of the Corporation.
The following table sets forth the risk oversight responsibilities of the Board and Board committees.
[BEGIN TABLE]
  Board or Board Committee    Risk Oversight Responsibilities  
  Board of Directors    Strategic, Earnings and Management Succession  
  Loan Committee    Credit and Allowance for Loan Losses  
  Asset Liability Committee    Interest Rate, Liquidity, Price, Market and Economic Conditions  
  Audit Committee    Operational, Regulatory and Legislative, Technology and Cybersecurity, and Income Tax  
  Governance and Nominating Committee    Reputation, Legal and Board Succession  
  Compensation Committee    Key Personnel, Compensation and Retention  
[END TABLE]
CEO Succession.    It is expected that Michael N. Vittorio will retire as President and CEO of the Corporation and the Bank on December 31, 2019.  In addition, and in accordance with the terms of his employment agreement, Mr. Vittorio is expected to continue his service as a director until the annual meeting of stockholders following the year ending December 31, 2019.  A process for this planned succession to a new CEO has been underway for a  period of time and is being led by a designated committee of the Board.  The services of a nationally recognized leadership consulting firm have been engaged.  The Board intends to make a decision and a public announcement as to Mr. Vittorio's successor in a timeframe that will allow for an orderly transition.
MEETINGS OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
All of the members of the Board of the Corporation also serve on the Board of the Bank.  The Board of the Corporation held ten regular and three special meetings during 2018.  Each director attended at least 75% of the aggregate number of Board meetings and meetings of the committees on which such director served.  The Board meets regularly in executive session throughout the year.  BOARD COMMITTEES AND MEETINGS
The Board of the Corporation has three standing committees: the Governance and Nominating Committee; the Audit Committee; and the Compensation Committee.  The Board of the Bank also has two standing committees: the Loan Committee and the Asset Liability Committee.  
Governance and Nominating Committee
All the members of the Corporation's Governance and Nominating Committee are independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq Rules.  The members of the Governance and Nominating Committee are Paul T. Canarick, Alexander L. Cover, Howard Thomas Hogan, Jr., Peter Quick,  Denise Strain, Milbrey Rennie Taylor and Walter C. Teagle III.  The Committee met six times during 2018.
The Corporation's Board has adopted a formal written charter for the Governance and Nominating Committee.  A current copy of the charter and the Corporation's Corporate Governance Guidelines are available on the Corporation's website by going to www.FNBLI.com, placing the cursor over "Investor Relations," then clicking on "Corporate Governance" and then clicking on "Board Governance and Nominating Committee Charter" or "Corporate Governance Guidelines."
Among other things, the Governance and Nominating Committee is currently responsible for: (1) maintaining the director succession plan; (2) identifying individuals qualified to become Board members and recommending to the Board the director nominees for the next annual meeting of stockholders; (3)  recommending to the Board written corporate governance guidelines and monitoring compliance with said guidelines; (4) leading the Board in an annual Board self-assessment and reporting to the Board on its own self-assessment and the self-assessments performed by the other Board committees; (5) recommending to the Board, director candidates for each committee; and (6)  establishing the director skill sets matrix to evaluate the collective skills of the existing board and to identify skills that may be sought when filling vacancies.
Although the Corporation has a long history of being able to attract and maintain a cohesive Board with the variety of skills necessary to oversee the affairs of the Corporation, the Governance and Nominating Committee will consider director candidates recommended by stockholders.  Submission of candidates may be made in writing at any time.  However, to be considered by the Governance and Nominating Committee for nomination at the 2020 annual meeting, such submissions should be made no later than December 16, 2019 to the Chair of the Governance and Nominating Committee at the Corporation's address set forth in this proxy statement.  In addition, nominations for the election of directors may be made by any stockholder entitled to vote for the election of directors provided that such nominations are made in accordance with the provisions of the Corporation's bylaws establishing the information and notice requirements for such nominations. 
In addition to interviews, the Governance and Nominating Committee may evaluate potential nominees by reviewing resumes, checking business and/or personal references, and performing background checks as deemed appropriate.  The Corporation has not paid a fee to any third party or parties to assist in identifying or evaluating potential nominees.
Except for Ms.  Ives who was appointed by the Board effective January 1, 2019, all of the Class I nominees approved by the Governance and Nominating Committee for inclusion on the Corporation's proxy card for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held April 16, 2019 are directors standing for re-election.  Ms.  Ives introduction to the Board was based on a referral from a  business associate of a current non-management Board member.
Audit Committee
The members of the Audit Committee are Alexander L. Cover, John J. Desmond, Peter Quick and Walter C. Teagle III.  The Committee met eight times during 2018.
The Corporation's Board has adopted a formal written charter for the Audit Committee.  A current copy of the charter is available on the Corporation's website by going to www.FNBLI.com, placing the cursor over "Investor Relations," then clicking on "Corporate Governance" and then clicking on "Board Audit Committee Charter."
The Board has determined that all members of the Audit Committee are independent as independence for audit committee members is defined in SEC Rule 10A-3 and the Nasdaq Rules.  The Board has also determined that Alexander L. Cover and John J. Desmond each qualify as an "audit committee financial expert" as that term is defined in Item 407 of Regulation S-K of the Securities and Exchange Commission.  The Board has also determined that all members of the Audit Committee have banking or related financial management expertise.
The responsibilities of the Audit Committee are described under the heading "Audit Committee Report" in this proxy statement.
Compensation Committee 
All the members of the Corporation's Compensation Committee are independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq Rules.  The members of the Compensation Committee are John J. Desmond, Stephen V. Murphy, Milbrey Rennie Taylor, Walter C. Teagle III and Eric J. Tveter.  The Committee met five times during 2018. The Corporation's Board has adopted a formal written charter for the Compensation Committee.  A current copy of the charter is available on the Corporation's website by going to www.FNBLI.com, placing the cursor over "Investor Relations," then clicking on "Corporate Governance" and then clicking on "Board Compensation Committee Charter."
The purpose of the Compensation Committee is to assist the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities by reviewing and evaluating the Corporation's compensation practices to ensure that appropriate policies, procedures and systems are in place to identify, measure, and control related risks, including strategic, reputation and operational risk.  The Committee should identify those employees, including but not limited to the CEO and other executive officers, who could potentially expose the Corporation to material amounts of such risk and arrive at compensation for these employees and non-management directors that is appropriate and competitive and does not expose the Corporation to unacceptable risk.
Among other things, the Compensation Committee is responsible for: (1) implementing and maintaining guiding principles, compensation policies and compensation plans for the CEO, other executive officers and non-management directors, all as set forth in the Corporation's Proxy Statement for its annual meeting of shareholders, and reporting and making recommendations to the Board with respect thereto taking into account market competitive data; (2) recommending to the Board approval of employment agreements for the CEO and other executive officers; (3) evaluating the performance of the CEO against established goals and objectives and approving for Board ratification the base salary level for the CEO subject to any existing employment agreement; (4) reviewing the CEO's performance evaluation of the other executive officers of the Corporation and approving for Board ratification the base salary level of each such officer subject to any existing employment agreements; (5) approving for Board ratification cash incentives and bonuses to be paid to the CEO and other executive officers pursuant to the Corporation's incentive compensation plans or otherwise;  (6) setting corporate goals, objectives and compensation plans used to determine cash incentives and bonuses paid to the CEO and other executive officers and equity compensation awarded to the CEO, other executive officers and non-management directors – the Compensation Committee will periodically engage a compensation consulting firm to assist them in this endeavor; (7) approving for Board ratification awards of equity compensation to the CEO, other executive officers and non-management directors pursuant to the Corporation's equity compensation plans or otherwise; (8) recommending to the Board compensation proposals such as the compensation to be paid to the Corporation's NEOs, say-on-pay, say-when-on-pay or equity incentive plans to be included in the Corporation's annual proxy statement; (9) reviewing the overall annual salary budget for the Bank's entire employee population; (10) conducting, or causing to be conducted, at its discretion, a periodic review of the Corporation's pension, 401(k), supplemental executive retirement and health and welfare plans; (11) reviewing and approving the compensation discussion and analysis included in the Corporation's annual proxy statement and preparing or causing to be prepared the Compensation Committee Report to be included therein; (12) reviewing executive management's determination of compensation of non-executive officers of the Corporation including the total amount of incentive compensation to be paid to such officers; (13) periodically reviewing the incentive compensation plans for senior vice presidents and other employee categories below the level of executive officer; and (14)  considering the results of the most recent non-binding, stockholder advisory vote on executive compensation and, if deemed necessary, recommending to the Board changes in compensation policies, practices and decisions.
The Compensation Committee administers the Corporation's equity incentive plan, including selecting directors and officers to whom awards are to be made and determining the timing, duration, amount, type and terms of each award.  Members of the Compensation Committee as well as all other non-employee directors of the Corporation have been eligible for awards of stock-based compensation in the past and it is currently anticipated that they will be eligible for future awards.
In determining an appropriate level of compensation for the CEO,  other executive officers and the Board, the Compensation Committee periodically engages an independent compensation consulting firm to gather and help analyze the information necessary to make such determinations.  In 2017, the Compensation Committee engaged Pearl Meyer & Partners ("PM&P"), an independent national compensation consulting firm, to conduct a review of the compensation of the Company's CEO,  other executive officers and the Board.  The objective of the review was to provide an assessment of the competitiveness and effectiveness of the Corporation's compensation programs relative to peer banks.    The Compensation Committee anticipates engaging a compensation consulting firm in 2019 to perform a similar review. 
In performing their 2017 review, PM&P worked with the Compensation Committee to develop a custom peer group.  The peer banks were similar in size and scope to the Bank, with total assets averaging approximately $4.1 billion.  This average compared to total assets for the Bank of approximately $3.9 billion at year-end 2017.  The peer group consisted of eighteen (18) publicly-held bank holding companies located in the Bank's general geographic area and included Arrow Financial Corporation, Bridge Bancorp, Inc., Brookline Bancorp, Inc., Bryn Mawr Bank Corporation, Century Bancorp, Inc., CNB Financial Corporation, ConnectOne Bancorp, Inc., Financial Institutions, Inc., First Connecticut Bancorp, Inc., Flushing Financial Corporation, Lakeland Bancorp, Inc., Northfield Bancorp, Inc., OceanFirst Financial Corp., Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corporation, Sun Bancorp, Inc., TrustCo Bank Corp NY, Univest Corporation of Pennsylvania and Washington Trust Bancorp, Inc.  In addition to gathering and analyzing compensation data for the peer group, PM&P also gathered and analyzed peer compensation data from published industry surveys, including their own survey and surveys performed by the American Bankers Association and other nationally recognized compensation consulting firms.  In performing their reviews, PM&P assessed total remuneration and the individual elements of total remuneration including base salary, annual cash incentive compensation,  annual equity awards, retirement benefits and perquisites.  Based on their reviews, PM&P provided the Compensation Committee with a comparison of the compensation of the CEO and other executive officers to the market 10th,  25th, 50th,   75th and 90th percentiles.  PM&P also assessed the elements of Board compensation both individually and in the aggregate, including annual retainers, meeting-based fees and fees for chair roles and special meetings.
In addition to the services described above, PM&P was also engaged in 2017 to perform a review of the structural elements of the Corporation's executive incentive plan.
The Compensation Committee received a letter from PM&P regarding its independence under the six factors to be considered for such purposes under Nasdaq  Rules, assessed the independence of PM&P pursuant to such rules and determined that PM&P is an independent and conflict-free advisor to the Corporation.
The Compensation Committee considers the most recent stockholder say-on-pay advisory vote in reviewing the Corporation's executive compensation policies, practices and decisions.  The Compensation Committee concluded that no significant revisions were necessary to our executive compensation program as a result of the most recent say-on-pay advisory vote.
Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation.  No member of the Compensation Committee: (1) was an officer or employee of the Corporation or the Bank; (2) was formerly an officer of the Corporation or the Bank; or (3) had any relationship requiring disclosure by the Corporation under the SEC's rules governing disclosure of related party transactions.  No executive officer of the Corporation served as a director or member of a compensation committee of another entity, one of whose executive officers served as a member of the Corporation's Board or Compensation Committee. 
Loan Committee of the Bank 
The members of the Loan Committee are Paul T. Canarick, Howard Thomas Hogan, Jr., Stephen V. Murphy, Peter Quick, Denise Strain, Walter C. Teagle III and Michael N. Vittorio.  The Committee met four times during 2018.
The Loan Committee is responsible for providing oversight with respect to the Bank's lending activities.  In this regard, the Committee: (1) oversees credit risk and approves policies that govern lending activities and credit risk management; (2) reviews and ratifies the allowance for loan and lease losses; (3) reviews and approves specific loan transactions where required by policy; and (4) reviews reports from management, internal auditors, the internal loan review function and regulators related to lending activities and credit risk. 
Asset Liability Committee of the Bank
The members of the Asset Liability Committee are Paul T. Canarick, Alexander L. Cover, Stephen V. Murphy, Walter C. Teagle III and Michael N. Vittorio.  The Committee met five times during 2018.  
The Asset Liability Committee is responsible for providing oversight with respect to the Bank's achievement of its overall objective of optimizing returns consistent with prudent risk management regarding assets, liabilities, equity and off-balance sheet activities.  In this regard, the Committee: (1) oversees investment risk and approves the investment policy limits and operating guidelines set forth in the Bank's Investment Policy; (2) oversees the Bank's investment in and management of bank-owned life insurance and approves the pre-purchase, ongoing monitoring and other requirements set forth in the Bank's Bank-Owned Life Insurance Policy; (3) oversees interest rate risk and approves the risk limits and operating guidelines set forth in the Bank's Interest Rate Risk Policy; (4) oversees liquidity risk and approves the risk limits and operating guidelines set forth in the Bank's Liquidity Policy and Liquidity Contingency Plan; and (5) oversees management's use of embedded and stand-alone derivative instruments for purposes of managing interest rate risk and approves the hedging policy appendix of the Bank's interest rate risk policy.
BOARD MEMBER ATTENDANCE AT ANNUAL MEETINGS
The Board strongly encourages each of its members to attend the Annual Meeting of Stockholders.  In this regard, the Board sets the date for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to coincide with its April Board meeting.  All directors attended the prior year's Annual Meeting of Stockholders which was held on April 17, 2018.
SECURITY HOLDER COMMUNICATIONS TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The Corporation's Board does not have a formal process for security holders to send communications to the Board.  The Board believes that a formal process is unnecessary because the Corporation is relatively small and both the Chairman of the Board and the CEO, who is also a director, are easily accessible by telephone and mail. COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS
Cash Compensation
The Chairman of the Board of the Corporation and the Bank receives an annual retainer for service on both boards.  Non-employee directors of the Corporation receive an annual retainer for service on both boards for attending up to ten meetings per year and a  per meeting fee for each meeting in excess of ten.  Annual retainers and per meeting fees for service on both boards in 2018 are shown in the following table.
[BEGIN TABLE]
  Board Member    Annual Retainer    Per Meeting Fee  
  Chairman    $113,500    None  
  Non-employee Directors    $35,000    $1,250  
[END TABLE]
Non-employee directors of the Corporation and the Bank receive annual retainers for Board committee service as shown in the following table.
[BEGIN TABLE]
  Committee    Committee Chair    Committee Member  
  Audit Committee    $16,000    $7,500  
  Compensation Committee    $11,000    $5,000  
  Governance and Nominating Committee    $9,000    $4,000  
  Asset Liability Committee    $11,000    $5,000  
  Loan Committee    $11,000    $4,000  
[END TABLE]
There are no per meeting fees for standing committee meetings.  Loan Committee members are paid $500 for each Management Loan Committee meeting attended,  Ad-Hoc Committee chairs are paid fees ranging from $500 to $1,000 and Ad-Hoc Committee members are paid fees ranging from $500 to $750 for each meeting attended.
The Chairman does not receive per meeting fees or committee retainers.  The CEO does not receive retainers or per meeting fees for Board or Board committee service. 
Stock-based Compensation
The Corporation's 2014 Equity Incentive Plan ("2014 Plan") allows for the granting of equity awards to non-employee directors of the Corporation.  Equity compensation for directors consists of restricted stock units ("RSUs").  The grant date fair value of RSUs granted to the Chairman and each non-employee director in 2019 based on 2018 service was $70,000 and $35,000, respectively.
RSUs granted to non-employee directors in 2016 through 2019 are time-based RSUs that vest ratably and convert into shares of Common Stock over a three-year time period.  The RSUs granted in January 2016 also received annual cash dividend equivalents at the same rate as the dividends declared by the Board on the Corporation's Common Stock.    All outstanding RSUs granted to directors immediately vest upon an involuntary termination following a change in control, total and permanent disability or death.
Retirement Plan
On June 18, 1991, the Board of the Bank adopted The First National Bank of Long Island Retirement Plan for Directors ("Retirement Plan").  Effective December 31, 2000, benefits earned to date under the Retirement Plan were frozen and the ability of directors to earn additional benefits was discontinued.  Upon retirement after attaining the age of sixty (60), each of the current directors who was a director prior to 2001 will receive a credit ("Credit Percentage") of ten percent (10%) multiplied by the number of years of service on the Board through December 31, 2000, not to exceed one hundred percent (100%).  The annual benefit ("Annual Benefit") payable under the Retirement Plan is equal to the monthly Board of Directors' attendance fee in effect as of December 31, 2000, which was $1,000, multiplied by twelve (12) and then multiplied by the Credit Percentage.  The Annual Benefit is payable in quarterly installments for a period of seven (7) years from the date of retirement ("Payment Period").  In the event of the death of a director or a retired director, the surviving spouse of such director is entitled to receive an annual payment equal to seventy-five percent (75%) of the Annual Benefit, calculated as set forth above, and payable over the remainder of the applicable Payment Period.  Messrs. Canarick, Hogan and Teagle are the only directors participating in the Retirement Plan.
The following table sets forth information concerning the compensation of directors for 2018. Director Compensation
[BEGIN TABLE]
       Fees Earned or Paid in Cash    Stock Awards (1)    Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings (2)    Total    Aggregate Option Awards Outstanding  At Year End    Aggregate Stock Awards Outstanding (3)  
       Fees Earned or Paid in Cash    Stock Awards (1)    Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings (2)    Total    Aggregate Option Awards Outstanding  At Year End    Aggregate Stock Awards Outstanding (3)  
  Name    ($)    ($)    ($)    ($)    (#)    (#)  
  Paul T. Canarick    52,750    35,000    1,590    89,340    6,272    4,525  
  Alexander L. Cover    65,250    35,000     -     100,250    10,118    4,525  
  John J. Desmond     51,250    35,000    -    86,250     -    3,339  
  Howard Thomas Hogan, Jr., Esq.    45,500    35,000    3,954    84,454    6,272    4,525  
  Louisa M. Ives (4)    -    -    -    -    -    -  
  Stephen V. Murphy    60,750    35,000     -     95,750    7,868    4,525  
  Peter Quick    66,127    35,000      -      101,127     -     4,139  
  Denise Strain    48,417    35,000    -    83,417    -    1,905  
  Milbrey Rennie Taylor    52,750    35,000     -     87,750    10,118    4,525  
  Walter C. Teagle III    113,500    70,000    1,255    184,755    12,540    9,050  
  Eric J. Tveter    49,000    35,000     -     84,000     -    4,525  
    (2)      The change in pension value represents interest on the benefit frozen as of December 31, 2000. 
    (3)      Includes grants in January 2019 based on 2018 service. 
    (4)      Ms.  Ives was appointed to the Board effective January 1, 2019. 
[END TABLE]
MANAGEMENT
Set forth below is the business experience during the past five years and other information as to all executive officers of the Corporation and the Bank as of the date of this proxy statement.
[BEGIN TABLE]
  Executive Officers    Age    Present Capacity    Officer Since  
  Michael N. Vittorio    66    Director, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation and the Bank    2002  
  Mark D. Curtis    64    Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation and the Bank; Treasurer of the Corporation and Cashier of the Bank     1997  
  Christopher Becker    53    Executive Vice President and Chief Risk Officer of the Corporation and the Bank; Corporate Secretary of the Corporation    2011  
  Christopher Hilton    41    Executive Vice President of the Corporation and the Bank; Commercial Banking Division Executive of the Bank    2017  
  Paul Daley    59    Executive Vice President of the Corporation and the Bank; Senior Commercial Banking Officer of the Bank    1996  
  Donald L. Manfredonia    67    Executive Vice President of the Corporation and the Bank; Head of New Business Development for the Bank    1987  
  Richard P. Perro    53    Executive Vice President of the Corporation and the Bank; Branch Distribution Officer and Security Officer of the Bank    2002  
  Anne Marie Stefanucci    59    Executive Vice President of the Corporation and the Bank; Senior Credit Officer of the Bank    2006  
[END TABLE]
 Mr. Hilton joined the Bank in June 2017 as Senior Vice President and Commercial Banking Division Executive.  On January 1, 2018, Mr. Hilton was promoted to Executive Vice President of the Corporation and the Bank.  Prior to joining the Bank, Mr. Hilton served as Executive Vice President & Chief Credit Officer of Suffolk County National Bank and its holding company, Suffolk Bancorp, until its acquisition by People's United Bank in April 2017.  Mr. Hilton joined People's United Bank and served as Senior Credit Officer until May 2017.  Prior to his employment at Suffolk County National Bank, Mr. Hilton served as Executive Vice President & Chief Credit Officer of Empire National Bank and Vice President of its holding company, Empire Bancorp. 
Ms. Stefanucci joined the Bank in 2006 and for the past six years was Senior Vice President, Credit Risk and Administration Officer.   Ms. Stefanucci was promoted to Executive Vice President of the Corporation and the Bank effective December 1, 2018 and is the Bank's Senior Credit Officer.
PROPOSAL 2
NON-BINDING, ADVISORY VOTE TO APPROVE THE COMPENSATION PAID TO THE 
CORPORATION'S NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
The compensation paid to our NEOs is disclosed in this proxy statement in the sections entitled "Compensation Discussion and Analysis," "Compensation of Executive Officers," "Compensation Pursuant to Plans" and "Employment Agreements."  We believe that our compensation policies, practices and decisions are focused on pay-for-performance principles and are strongly aligned with the long-term best interests of our stockholders.  Compensation of our NEOs is designed to enable us to attract and retain talented and experienced senior executives to lead the Corporation successfully in a competitive environment.  Stockholders are being asked to cast a non-binding, advisory vote on the following resolution:
RESOLVED, that the compensation paid to the Corporation's NEOs as disclosed in its proxy statement for the April 16, 2019 Annual Meeting of Stockholders pursuant to Item 402 of Regulation S-K, including the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, compensation tables and narrative discussion, is hereby APPROVED. 
The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of shares represented in person or by proxy and voting on this item will be required for approval. 
Your vote on this Proposal 2 is advisory, and therefore not binding on the Corporation, the Compensation Committee or the Board.  The vote will not be construed to overrule any decision by the Corporation, the Compensation Committee or the Board; to create or imply any change to the fiduciary duties of the Corporation, the Compensation Committee or the Board; or to create or imply any additional fiduciary duties for the Corporation, the Compensation Committee or the Board.  However, our Board and our Compensation Committee value the opinions of our stockholders and to the extent there is a significant vote against the compensation paid to our NEOs as disclosed in this proxy statement, we will consider our stockholders' concerns and the Board and the Compensation Committee will evaluate whether any actions are necessary to address those concerns.
The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR the proposal to approve the compensation paid to the Corporation's named executive officers.
COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT
We have reviewed and discussed with management the Compensation Discussion and Analysis included herein and provided pursuant to Item 402(b) of Regulation S-K.  
Based on this review and discussion, we recommended to the Board that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in this proxy statement.  The Compensation Committee:
[BEGIN TABLE]
· Eric J. Tveter, Chairman 
· John J. Desmond 
· Stephen V. Murphy 
· Milbrey Rennie Taylor  
· Walter C. Teagle III 
[END TABLE]
The preceding report shall not be deemed incorporated by reference by any general statement incorporating by reference this proxy statement into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 ("1933 Act") or the 1934 Act, except to the extent the Corporation specifically incorporates this information by reference, and shall not otherwise be deemed filed under the 1933 Act or the 1934 Act.
COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
The following is a discussion of the compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to the NEOs.  The discussion explains all the material elements of the Corporation's compensation of the NEOs.  It should be read in conjunction with the other executive compensation disclosures that appear elsewhere in this proxy statement.
Guiding Principles
In designing and maintaining a compensation program for the Corporation's NEOs, other executive officers and employees, the Compensation Committee adheres to the following guiding principles: 
[BEGIN TABLE]
    (1)      The compensation program should be principles-based, employ best practices in executive compensation and consider all relevant regulatory guidance regarding sound incentive compensation policies. 
    (2)      The compensation program should be designed and supervised by the Compensation Committee with, as needed, the assistance of independent compensation consultants, legal counsel and other advisors who have significant experience in risk management, compensation practices and legal matters in the financial services industry. 
    (3)      The Compensation Committee should consist entirely of independent directors and operate under a charter adopted by the Board that clearly defines its duties and responsibilities.  Significant approvals by the Compensation Committee regarding the provisions of the executive compensation program and awards thereunder should be ratified by the full Board. 
    (4)      A significant portion of executive compensation awarded under the program should be directly tied to corporate performance and thereby closely aligned with the interests of stockholders.  The corporate performance levels necessary to earn threshold, target and maximum cash incentive and equity awards should be determined by the Compensation Committee and should not encourage inappropriate risks that could lead to material financial loss to the Bank. 
    (5)      The compensation program should enable the Corporation to attract and retain highly skilled professionals in each necessary discipline (i.e., executive, financial, lending, operations, risk management). 
    (6)      Compensation paid should be appropriately balanced between short and long-term components.  The short-term components should primarily consist of base salary and cash incentive compensation and the long-term components should be equity awards that vest over time as well as retirement benefits. 
    (7)      The competitiveness of total direct compensation, which consists of base salary, cash incentive and equity awards, should be tested regularly by a comparison to: (1) a group of peer banks selected by the Compensation Committee that are similar in size and scope to the Corporation; and (2) amounts published in compensation surveys for the banking industry conducted by nationally recognized independent compensation consulting firms. 
    (8)      The compensation program should achieve internal equity among the Corporation's executive officers. 
    (9)      Retirement benefits should be market competitive and evaluated based on the percentage of the executive's income replaced in retirement. 
    (10)      Payments upon a change in control or termination should be market competitive, reasonable in amount and designed to ensure that the executive officers of the Bank are not significantly harmed nor unduly enriched and are therefore objective with respect to the consummation of a transaction, such as a sale or merger of the Bank, that may be in the best interests of the Corporation's stockholders.  
    (11)      The Compensation Committee should identify those employees, whether they are executive officers or otherwise, who could potentially expose the Corporation to material amounts of risk.  The compensation of such employees should be designed to discourage imprudent risk taking and contain maximum incentive amounts that do not represent windfalls. 
    (12)      Clawbacks should be utilized within the compensation program in accordance with our clawback policy and applicable law. 
    (13)      Retention of vested or exercised equity awards should be required until stock ownership guidelines are met. 
    (14)      Employees, whether they are executive officers or otherwise, should be prohibited from hedging the value of equity compensation that vests over time. 
    (15)      Performance goals should be established by the Compensation Committee and ratified by the full Board. 
    (16)      Achievement of performance goals should be certified by the Compensation Committee prior to the payment of awards. 
[END TABLE]
Objectives of the Executive Compensation Program
The Corporation's executive compensation program is designed to enable the Corporation to attract and retain talented executive officers necessary to safely and successfully operate and grow the Bank.  The executive compensation program promotes sound risk management and long-term value creation for our stockholders. 
What the Executive Compensation Program is Designed to Reward
Certain elements of the executive compensation program are intended to reward current performance.  By offering long-term equity compensation, the executive compensation program is also designed to reward executive officers who help maximize long-term financial performance and earnings growth of the Corporation.
Elements of Executive Compensation
The executive compensation program consists of four basic components: (1) base salary; (2) annual cash incentive compensation; (3) equity awards; and (4) other noncash compensation, consisting primarily of retirement benefits and reasonable perquisites.   Why We Choose To Pay Each Element of Executive Compensation
Base Salary.  The Compensation Committee believes that base salary for an NEO should compensate the officer for the skills and effort required to perform the officer's day-to-day responsibilities, taking into account the size and complexity of the Company.
Annual Cash Incentive Compensation.  The Compensation Committee has included annual cash incentive compensation in the executive compensation program as a means to incent executive officers to optimize corporate performance through, among other things, the achievement of annual corporate goals set forth in the Corporation's strategic plan.  Our Compensation Committee recommended, the Board adopted and the stockholders approved the 2016 Cash Incentive Plan, which provides the opportunity for a cash incentive payment based upon the achievement of corporate and individual goals. 
Equity Awards.  The Compensation Committee uses equity awards granted under the Corporation's equity incentive plan as a means to incent executive officers to optimize corporate performance over an extended time-period.  Equity awards, together with retirement benefits, are the longer-term components of executive compensation.
Other Noncash Compensation.  Other noncash compensation consists of: (1) retirement benefits paid under the Bank's defined benefit pension plan ("Pension Plan"), 401(k) Plan and Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan ("SERP"); and (2) noncash fringe benefits not available to the general employee population of the Bank.  Noncash fringe benefits, other than those available to the general employee population at the Bank, include the personal use of business automobiles and a  country club membership for the CEO.
Retirement benefits provided by the Corporation's Pension and 401(k) Plans are intended to encourage the NEOs to maintain their employment with the Corporation and maximize long-term corporate performance.  The SERP, of which the CEO is the only participant, provides the additional pension and 401(k) benefits that the CEO would receive in the absence of Internal Revenue Code provisions which limit the amount of compensation that can be considered in determining retirement benefits to be paid under the Bank's tax-qualified retirement plans.  The SERP is explained in the "PENSION BENEFITS" section of this proxy statement.  A country club membership is provided to the CEO to aid him in developing and retaining business.  Business automobiles are provided to all of the Bank's executive officers as a competitive perquisite and as an alternative to reimbursing such officers for mileage driven on account of business conducted on behalf of the Corporation.
How We Determine The Amount To Pay For Each Element of Executive Compensation
The total compensation paid by the Corporation to each of the NEOs is based on a variety of factors including: (1) the Company's recent and expected future overall financial performance; (2) current economic conditions and the effect thereof on the Company's performance and that of its peers; (3) the executive officer's experience and tenure in his or her current position, years of service to the Bank, scope of responsibilities, leadership ability, compensation relative to the Company's other executive officers, recent and expected future performance, and contributions to corporate performance; (4) a comparison of total compensation and each element of compensation paid to the executive to compensation amounts paid by peer banks to executives with similar roles and compensation amounts set forth in published industry surveys for executives with similar roles; and (5) the most recent stockholder advisory vote on executive compensation.  As previously discussed, comparative compensation studies are performed and updated on a periodic basis by an independent compensation consulting firm engaged by and working under the direction of the Compensation Committee.
Base salary for the CEO is reviewed by the Compensation Committee on an annual basis.  The Compensation Committee also performs an annual review of the base salary recommendations made by the CEO for the Company's other NEOs.  Each executive officer does not necessarily receive an increase in base salary each year.  In reviewing each NEO's base salary, the Compensation Committee considers the amounts paid by peer banks, the amounts set forth in compensation surveys performed by nationally recognized independent compensation consulting firms and the Corporation's overall budget for base salary increases.    Regular annual salary increases for 2018 for the NEOs ranged from 4.0% to 26.3% and averaged 12.7%.
For the Corporation's CEO and CFO, annual cash incentive compensation has been based on corporate performance measured by net income, return on assets ("ROA") and bank safety and Compensation Committee discretion.  Cash incentive compensation for the other NEOs has been based on a combination of corporate and personal performance with weights of 80% and 20%, respectively, for Mr. Becker, 70% and 30%, respectively, for Mr. Hilton and 50% each for Mr. Daley.  Corporate performance for the other NEOs is measured by net income, ROA, bank safety and Compensation Committee discretion, and personal performance is measured by the achievement of goals, monetary and nonmonetary, assigned to the NEO.  Compensation Committee discretion is based on, among other things, a qualitative assessment of corporate performance in light of current conditions. 
The following table sets forth the range of annual cash incentive compensation for 2018 under the 2016 Cash Incentive Plan assuming that the Corporation achieved threshold, target and maximum levels of performance and, where applicable, the NEO achieved threshold, target and maximum levels of performance with respect to personal goals.  Each NEO's cash incentive target for 2018 was a percentage of base salary as determined by the Compensation Committee.  Achievement of corporate and, where applicable, personal performance levels greater than the threshold level but less than the maximum level results in a cash incentive payment that is proportionately greater than the threshold level of incentive but less than the maximum level of incentive. 
[BEGIN TABLE]
  NEO    Threshold ($)    Target ($)    Maximum ($)  
  Michael N. Vittorio    119,700    266,000    399,000  
  Mark D. Curtis    69,840    155,200    232,800  
  Christopher Becker    52,800    132,000    198,000  
  Christopher Hilton    39,000    104,000    156,000  
  Paul Daley    32,191    99,050    148,575  
[END TABLE]
Equity incentive compensation for the NEOs before 2019 primarily consisted of performance-based RSUs that were awarded based on corporate performance measured by the same metrics used for cash incentive compensation.  Equity awards before 2019 also occasionally included smaller amounts of time-based RSUs that were based on the discretion of the Compensation Committee after considering, among other things, the strength and consistency of the Corporation's performance over an extended period of time. Performance-based RSUs awarded before 2018 vested and converted into shares of Common Stock based on the satisfaction of net income and ROA performance metrics for the final year of the three calendar year performance period beginning with the year in which the RSUs were awarded.  Performance-based RSUs awarded in 2018 included two-thirds (⅔) that were performance-based and one-third (⅓) that were time-based. One-third (⅓) vests and converts into shares of Common Stock based on the satisfaction of net income and ROA performance metrics for 2018, one-third (⅓) vests and converts based on the satisfaction of net income and ROA performance metrics for 2019 and the final one-third (⅓) vests and converts three years from the date of grant.
Equity incentive compensation for the NEOs in 2019 consisted of RSUs that were awarded based on a fixed percentage of salary as determined by the Compensation Committee.  These awards include two-thirds (⅔) that are performance-based and one-third (⅓) that are time-based.  One-third (⅓) vests and converts into shares of Common Stock based on the satisfaction of net income and ROA performance metrics for 2019, one-third (⅓) vests and converts based on the satisfaction of net income and ROA performance metrics for 2020 and the final one-third (⅓) vests and converts three years from the date of grant.  Multi-year performance periods for the performance-based RSUs encourage long-term strategic focus.
Performance-based RSUs granted in 2017, 2018 and 2019 have upside conversion potential in that a maximum level of performance will result in the distribution of more than one share of Common Stock for one RSU.  For the 2017 grant, a maximum level of performance will result in a conversion ratio of one RSU for one-and-one-quarter (1¼) shares of Common Stock.  Performance greater than the threshold level but less than the maximum level will result in a conversion ratio proportionately greater than one RSU for one-half (½) share of Common Stock but less than one RSU for one-and-one-quarter (1¼) shares of Common Stock.  For the 2018 and 2019 grants, a maximum level of performance will result in a conversion ratio of one RSU for one-and-one-half (1½) shares of Common Stock.  Performance greater than the threshold level but less than the maximum level will result in a conversion ratio proportionately greater than one RSU for one-half (½) share of Common Stock but less than one RSU for one-and-one-half (1½) shares of Common Stock.    The maximum level of performance for RSUs granted before 2018 has been 125% of the target level, whereas the threshold level of performance has been 75% of the target level.  For the RSUs granted in 2018 and 2019, the maximum level of performance is 115% of the target level, whereas the threshold level of performance is 80% of the target level.  For the RSUs granted in 2017,  exceeding the target level of performance by 25% results in vesting 25% more than the target level of shares, while falling 25% short of the target level of performance results in vesting 50% less than the target level of shares.  For the RSUs granted in 2018 and 2019, exceeding the target level of performance by 15% results in vesting 50% more than the target level of shares, while falling 20% short of the target level of performance results in vesting 50% less than the target level of shares.  Falling short by more than 25% for the 2017 RSU grant and 20% for the 2018 and 2019 grants results in expiration of the RSUs without any vesting of the target level of shares.  The punitive impact of falling short of the target level of performance and the upside potential for exceeding the target level of performance is designed to encourage senior management to outperform.  In setting the current threshold, target and maximum levels of performance and related payouts, the Compensation Committee utilized the study performed by PM&P of the structural elements of the Corporation's incentive compensation plan and considered, among other things, performance and payout levels for the Corporation's peer banks.
Over the last three years, cash incentive compensation for the NEOs as a group has averaged approximately one-third (⅓) of total incentive compensation, while equity incentive compensation has averaged approximately two-thirds (⅔) of total incentive compensation.
By their terms, all outstanding performance-based RSUs held by NEOs immediately vest in the event of an involuntary termination following a change in control, total and permanent disability, as defined, or death.  For performance-based RSUs granted in 2018 and 2019,  upon retirement vesting will occur only after the completion of the applicable performance period and attainment of the relevant performance criteria.  For performance-based RSUs granted before 2018 to NEOs, other than the Chief Financial Officer ("CFO"), in the event of retirement, and in order to qualify as tax-deductible performance-based compensation under the pre-2018 provisions of Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code,  vesting can only occur upon completion of the related performance period and attainment of the relevant performance criteria.  The performance-based RSUs granted to the CFO before 2018 immediately vest in the event of retirement because the CFO is exempt from the pre-2018 provisions of Section 162(m).  All outstanding time-based RSUs granted to  NEOs immediately vest in the event of an involuntary termination following a change in control, total and permanent disability, as defined, or death, and, unlike many of the performance-based RSUs, also immediately vest in the event of retirement.  For a further discussion of the tax-deductibility of executive compensation, see the Tax Deductibility of Executive Compensation section of this proxy statement.
The value of a RSU realized at vesting can be more or less than its grant date fair value if the Common Stock price at the date of vesting is more or less than its fair market value on the date of grant or the aggregate conversion ratio described above is more or less than one RSU for one share of Common Stock.
The following table sets forth the grant date fair value of performance-based equity incentive compensation awarded in 2019 for 2018 performance.
[BEGIN TABLE]
  NEO    Equity Awards ($)  
  Michael N. Vittorio    598,500  
  Mark D. Curtis    213,400  
  Christopher Becker    165,000  
  Christopher Hilton    130,000  
  Paul Daley    113,200  
[END TABLE]
The following table sets forth the performance metrics and weights established by the Compensation Committee for use in determining cash incentives paid in January 2019 for 2018 performance along with the actual 2018 performance for each metric.
[BEGIN TABLE]
  Metric    Weight (1)    Threshold    Target    Maximum    Actual Results  
  Net Income    45%    $33,185,000    $41,481,000    $47,703,000    $41,573,000  
  ROA    30%    .81%    1.01%    1.16%    1.00%  
  Bank Safety Rating    10%    Below Standard    Meets Standard    Above Standard    Above Standard  
  Compensation Committee Discretion    15%    Minimum    Average    Maximum    Between Average and Maximum   
    (1)      The weights for each metric apply to all NEOs. 
[END TABLE]
The following table sets forth performance-based cash incentive compensation earned in 2018 and the grant date fair value of equity incentive compensation awarded on account of 2018.
[BEGIN TABLE]
  NEO    Cash Incentive ($)    Equity Awards ($)    Total ($)  
  Michael N. Vittorio    292,092    598,500    890,592  
  Mark D. Curtis    170,423    213,400    383,823  
  Christopher Becker    142,126    165,000    307,126  
  Christopher Hilton    107,172    130,000    237,172  
  Paul Daley    102,874    113,200    216,074  
[END TABLE]
In the future the Compensation Committee may use different metrics to measure corporate performance such as earnings per share, return on average stockholders' equity or the efficiency ratio, or may change the weights applied to each metric.
The Compensation Committee believes that total target remuneration for executive officers should be market competitive, benchmarked to the 50th percentile of the Bank's peer group and take into consideration individual and corporate performance and tenure.
In performing their 2017 review of executive compensation, PM&P compiled compensation data from the proxy statements of the Corporation's custom peer group and from published industry surveys and, based on this data, calculated percentile amounts against which total compensation for the Company's NEOs could be compared.  The PM&P study showed that total target compensation for all NEOs ranged from the 19th to the 54th percentile. 
Termination and Change in Control Payments
Each of the NEOs has an employment agreement with the Corporation that provides for severance compensation in the event that the executive is terminated by the Board without cause or terminates his employment for Good Reason, as defined, whether or not such termination occurs in connection with a change in control (see Employment Agreements section of this proxy statement).  These provisions are designed to insure, among other things, that the NEOs are not significantly harmed or unduly enriched and are therefore objective with respect to the consummation of a transaction, such as a sale or merger of the Bank that may be in the best interests of the Corporation's stockholders.  In determining the severance arrangement for the CEO and each of the other NEOs, the Compensation Committee considered the severance arrangements offered by peer banks to their NEOs. Impact of Accounting and Tax Treatment of Certain Elements of Compensation
The Compensation Committee has granted non-qualified stock options ("NQSOs") and RSUs as equity compensation.  NQSOs and RSUs are advantageous from the Corporation's standpoint because the Corporation records a book tax benefit for the compensation cost recognized for financial statement reporting purposes under FASB ASC Topic 718 and receives a tax benefit upon the exercise of in-the-money NQSOs and the vesting of RSUs.
Tax Deductibility of Executive Compensation
Internal Revenue Code Section 162(m) limits the tax deductibility of compensation paid to any covered employee to $1 million per year.  The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the "Act") was signed into law on December 22, 2017 and amends Section 162(m) to treat all NEOs as covered employees (previously the CFO was not a covered employee) and to eliminate the exclusion of qualified performance-based compensation in determining compensation subject to the $1 million limitation.  In addition, the Act provides "grandfathered" treatment for qualified performance-based compensation in excess of $1 million that meets the requirements of Section 162(m), is payable pursuant to a written binding contract in effect as of November 2, 2017 and is not modified in any material respect.  Most of the compensation paid to the NEOs as a group through year-end 2018 was deductible under the applicable provisions of Section 162(m).    A number of requirements must be met for particular compensation to qualify for tax deductibility, so there can be no assurance that incentive compensation paid to the NEOs will be fully deductible in all circumstances.
The Compensation Committee will consider the impact of the Act on the design of our executive compensation programs going forward.  While the Compensation Committee does not have a formal policy with respect to the payment of compensation in excess of the deduction limit under Code Section 162(m), the Compensation Committee's practice is to structure compensation programs offered to the NEOs with a view towards maximizing tax deductibility of amounts paid.  However, in structuring compensation programs, the Compensation Committee considers a variety of factors, including the Corporation's tax position, the materiality of the payments and tax deductions involved and the need for flexibility to address unforeseen circumstances.  After considering these factors, the Compensation Committee may decide to authorize payments, all or part of which may be nondeductible for federal income tax purposes.
Role of Executive Officers In Determining Executive Compensation
The Compensation Committee approves the proposed compensation of executive officers after considering, among other things, executive compensation studies periodically performed by independent compensation consulting firms.  From time to time, the CEO and CFO have served as a resource to the Compensation Committee in gathering the information necessary to make such compensation determinations.  However, these officers do not have a policy-making role with respect to determining the amount or form of executive compensation and do not participate in Compensation Committee deliberations regarding their own compensation.
Compensation Policies and Practices As They Relate To Risk Management
The Corporation has a written incentive-based compensation policy that sets forth governance roles for the Compensation Committee, senior management and the Corporation's internal auditors.  The policy is reviewed annually by the Compensation Committee, modified if deemed appropriate and approved.  The purpose of the policy is to ensure that the Corporation's incentive-based compensation arrangements, or any feature of any such arrangement, do not encourage executive officers or employees to: (1) expose the Corporation to inappropriate risks by providing such persons with excessive compensation, fees or benefits; or (2) take inappropriate risks that could lead to material financial loss to the Corporation.  Pursuant to this policy, the Corporation's incentive-based compensation arrangements are required to: (1) balance risk and financial rewards, through such things as risk adjustments of awards, deferral of payments, longer performance periods and/or reduced sensitivity to short-term performance; (2) be compatible with effective internal controls and risk management; and (3) be supported by strong corporate governance, including active and effective oversight by the Compensation Committee.  The Compensation Committee has determined that the Company's compensation policies and practices for its employees, including non-executive officers, are not reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company.
Stock Ownership Guidelines and Equity Award Retention Policy
As a condition to receiving equity awarded under the Corporation's equity incentive plan each director and executive officer shall enter into an agreement with the Company providing that any stock acquired from the exercise of stock options or the vesting of equity awards, net of the disposition of shares for tax withholding requirements, must be held until stock ownership requirements are met.
Each director of the Corporation is required to have beneficial ownership of shares of Common Stock of the Corporation with a current market value equal to three (3) times cash retainers, which includes Committee retainers and per meeting fees.  The CEO of the Corporation is required to have beneficial ownership of shares of common stock of the Corporation with a current market value equal to three (3) times his or her current base salary.  Each other executive officer of the Corporation is required to have beneficial ownership of shares of common stock of the Corporation with a current market value equal to one (1) times his or her current base salary.  All ownership requirements need to be met as follows: (1) within five years of becoming a director or executive officer; (2) within five years of an increase in ownership requirements for the incremental increase only; or (3) within three years of falling out of compliance with these requirements due to compensation increases or fluctuations in market value. Clawback Policy
The Corporation has a clawback policy to enable the Company to recover any bonus or incentive compensation awarded or paid to the Company's executive officers if: (1) the payments or awards were based on materially inaccurate financial statements or any other materially inaccurate performance metric, and (2) the amount of the incentive compensation, as calculated under restated financial results, is less than the amount actually paid or awarded under the original financial results.
Anti-Hedging Policy
Directors, NEOs, other officers and employees are prohibited from hedging the Corporation's securities with the use of financial instruments (including prepaid variable forward contracts, equity swaps, calls, puts, collars, and exchange funds) that offset a decrease in the market value of the Company's equity securities and any other transaction with comparable economic consequences.
Shareholder Advisory Vote on Compensation
The Compensation Committee considers the results of the annual say-on-pay stockholder advisory vote on the compensation paid to NEOs.  To the extent there is a significant vote against the compensation paid to our NEOs, the Compensation Committee will consider our stockholders' concerns and evaluate whether any actions are necessary to address those concerns.  At the 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, there was substantial support for the say-on-pay proposal with approximately 97% of the votes cast on the proposal voting in support of the compensation outlined in last year's proxy statement.  After a comprehensive market review and in light of strong stockholder support, the Compensation Committee concluded that no significant revisions were necessary to our executive compensation program.
COMPENSATION OF EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
The following table sets forth information with respect to the aggregate compensation paid, earned or awarded for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 to the CEO, CFO and each of the additional three most highly compensated executive officers of the Bank.  All compensation information is provided pursuant to the SEC executive compensation disclosure rules for proxy statements.  All of the listed officers are also officers of the Corporation but received salaries only from the Bank. Summary Compensation Table
[BEGIN TABLE]
            Base Salary    Bonus    Stock Awards (1)    Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation (2)    Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings (3)    All Other Compensation (4)    Total  
  Name and Principal Position    Year    ($)    ($)    ($)    ($)    ($)    ($)    ($)  
  Michael N. Vittorio    2018    665,000    -    598,500    292,092    215,636    120,616    1,891,844  
  Director, President    2017    613,000    15,000    564,160    250,742    189,022    37,285    1,669,209  
  and CEO    2016    566,000    -    650,760    197,469    233,752    130,357    1,778,338  
  Mark D. Curtis    2018    388,000    -    213,400    170,423    -    16,441    788,264  
  Senior Executive Vice President,    2017    326,900    12,500    190,538    133,715    176,230    16,157    856,040  
  Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer    2016    299,400    -    255,817    96,066    71,551    16,228    739,062  
  Christopher Becker    2018    330,000    -    165,000    142,126    21,207    17,020    675,353  
  Executive Vice President, Chief Risk    2017    261,250    10,000    114,875    91,742    53,867    14,910    546,644  
  Officer and Corporate Secretary    2016    231,500    -    148,925    72,087    30,911    9,571    492,994  
  Christopher Hilton    2018(5)    260,000    -    130,000    107,172    8,233    9,582    514,987  
  Executive Vice President,      						      						      						      						      						      						      						      						   
  Commercial Banking Division      						      						      						      						      						      						      						      						   
  Executive     						      						      						      						      						      						      						      						   
  Paul Daley    2018    283,000    -    113,200    102,874    36,378    15,721    551,173  
  Executive Vice President    2017    266,500    10,000    117,183    89,057    168,428    16,595    667,763  
  Senior Commercial Banking Officer    2016    258,000    -    166,631    79,074    106,277    13,859    623,841  
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
    (1)      The amounts shown for each year represent RSU grants for that year but granted subsequent to the close of the year.  The aggregate grant date fair values are computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718.  The values shown for 2016 include time-based RSUs that were a discretionary grant by the Compensation Committee after considering, among other things, the Corporation's strong financial performance for 2016 and its consistent earnings growth over an extended period of time. 
    (2)      The amounts shown for each year represent cash incentive compensation earned based on performance for that year but paid subsequent to the close of the year. 
    (3)      The amounts reported are computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 715 and reflect the actuarial increase in the present value at year end compared to the prior year end of the NEO's benefits under all defined benefit pension plans.  (See Note J "Retirement Plans" to the Corporation's 2018 Consolidated Financial Statements.)  The Corporation applies the "no negative number" position for reporting the change in pension value.  The fluctuations are primarily attributable to movement in the actuarial discount rate.  In 2016 through 2018 the discount rates were 4.40%,  3.93% and 4.53%, respectively. 
    (4)      The components of the 2018 amounts shown in the "All Other Compensation" column are set forth in the table that follows.  The 401(k) SERP contributions shown in the table that follows are also reported in the "Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Table" appearing elsewhere in this proxy statement.  The "All Other Compensation" column does not include the incremental cost to the Corporation of providing the NEOs with group term life and health insurance benefits, because such benefits do not discriminate in scope, terms or operation in favor of the NEOs and are available generally to all employees. 
    (5)      Mr. Hilton joined the Corporation in June 2017 and became a NEO for the year ending December 31, 2018. 
[END TABLE]
 All Other Compensation Table
[BEGIN TABLE]
      Perquisites and Other Personal Benefits    Tax Gross Up on SERP Contributions and Tax Reimbursements (1)    401(k) Matching Contributions and 401(k) SERP Contributions    Total  
  Personal Use of Business Auto    Personal Use of Country Club  
  Name    ($)    ($)    ($)    ($)    ($)  
  Michael N. Vittorio    8,125    -    92,541    19,950    120,616  
  Mark D. Curtis    8,191    -    -    8,250    16,441  
  Christopher Becker    8,770    -    -    8,250    17,020  
  Christopher Hilton    5,832    -    -    3,750    9,582  
  Paul Daley    7,471    -    -    8,250    15,721  
    (1)      The Bank has a legacy SERP for the CEO that is explained in the "PENSION BENEFITS" section of this proxy statement.  The CEO's participation in the legacy SERP began upon his tenure as CEO of the Corporation and the Bank in 2004.  Except for this one legacy SERP, the Board has adopted a prohibition of tax gross-up arrangements and has included this prohibition in the Corporation's published Corporate Governance Guidelines. 
[END TABLE]
The Compensation Committee believes that each NEO's total compensation is appropriately balanced between currently paid out and deferred compensation, with deferred compensation consisting of equity awards that vest over time and retirement benefits provided under the Corporation's 401(k), Pension and SERP plans.
Pay Ratio
Pursuant to Item 402(u) of Regulation S-K and Section 953(b) of the Dodd-Frank Act, presented below is the ratio of annual total compensation of the Corporation's CEO to the annual total compensation of the Corporation's median paid employee, excluding the CEO.
The ratio presented below is a reasonable estimate calculated in a manner consistent with Item 402(u).
The Corporation utilized the same median paid employee for 2017 and 2018.  The Corporation believes this is appropriate because there have not been significant changes in the employee population or compensation arrangements.
In identifying the median paid employee in 2017 and in determining the compensation of the median paid employee in 2017 and 2018, the Corporation utilized year-to-date compensation from the final (twenty-sixth) bi-weekly payroll of each year paid on December 22nd and 21st, respectively.  Compensation included, as applicable, regular earnings plus overtime, Saturday pay, commissions, cash incentives and stock-based compensation.  The Corporation considered all full-time and part-time permanent employees when identifying the median paid employee in 2017.  Earnings of employees included on the final payroll of 2017 that were employed for less than a full year were converted to a twenty-six bi-weekly payroll equivalent. Full-time equivalent adjustments were not made. There were no seasonal or temporary employees on the final payroll of 2017.
The 2018 annual total compensation of our CEO and median paid employee was determined under Item 402 of Regulation S-K and was $1,891,844 and $60,496, respectively.  The CEO's annual total compensation for 2018 was 31 times that of the annual total compensation for 2018 of the median paid employee.  This compares to 2017 annual total compensation of $1,669,209 and $59,360, respectively, and a 2017 pay ratio of 28 times.
COMPENSATION PURSUANT TO PLANS
Equity Incentive Plans 
The Corporation has awards outstanding under the 2006 Stock Compensation Plan ("2006 Plan") and the 2014 Plan.  Currently, awards can only be granted under the 2014 Plan, which was approved by the Corporation's stockholders on April 22, 2014 as a successor to the 2006 Plan.  The 2014 Plan gives the Board flexibility to attract and retain highly qualified officers and directors by offering a competitive compensation program.  Equity awards align the interests of our directors and management with the interests of our stockholders by potentially increasing the ownership interests of directors and officers in our Common Stock.
Awards under the 2014 Plan may be granted as incentive and non-qualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards, restricted stock units or any combination thereof.  Substantially all awards granted under the 2014 Plan have been restricted stock units with performance or time-based vesting, while awards granted under the predecessor plan consisted of a combination of nonqualified stock options and restricted stock units.
The following table presents the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued upon the exercise of outstanding stock options and vesting of RSUs, and the number of shares of Common Stock remaining available for future issuance under the 2014 Plan, as of December 31, 2018, adjusted to reflect 107,511 RSUs granted in January 2019 for 2018.  The table also presents the weighted average exercise price of outstanding stock options as of December 31, 2018. EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION
[BEGIN TABLE]
  Plan Category    Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (1)    Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights    Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under the 2014 Plan (2)  
  Equity compensation plans approved by security holders    418,707    $11.80    1,752,873  
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
    (1)      Includes 322,595 RSUs.  The weighted-average exercise price does not take these awards into account.   
    (2)      Of these shares, 298,266 are available to be granted as restricted stock or RSUs. 
[END TABLE]
The Corporation does not have any equity compensation plans that have not been approved by stockholders.
The following table sets forth information regarding the grant of plan-based awards during 2018, both cash and equity, to the NEOs.
Grant Of Plan Based Awards
[BEGIN TABLE]
       						     Estimated Future Payouts Under Non-    Estimated Future Payouts Under  
       						     Equity Incentive Plan Awards (1)    Equity Incentive Plan Awards (2)  
       						     Threshold    Target    Maximum     						   ($)  
       						     Threshold    Target    Maximum     						   ($)  
  Michael N. Vittorio    1/25/18    119,700    266,000    399,000    598,500  
  Mark D. Curtis    1/25/18    69,840    155,200    232,800    213,400  
  Christopher Becker    1/25/18    52,800    132,000    198,000    165,000  
  Christopher Hilton    1/25/18    39,000    104,000    156,000    130,000  
  Paul Daley    1/25/18    32,191    99,050    148,575    113,200  
    (1)      The amounts shown represent cash incentive compensation that could have been earned by the NEO in 2018 under the Corporation's incentive compensation plan.  The actual amount paid to each NEO in February 2019 based on 2018 performance is included in the "Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation" column of the "Summary Compensation Table" in this proxy statement. 
    (2)      The amounts shown represent RSU awards earned by the NEOs in 2018.  The amounts earned were awarded in January 2019 in the form of RSUs under the 2014 Plan and are included in the "Stock Awards" column for 2018 of the "Summary Compensation Table" in this proxy statement.  Two-thirds (⅔) of the RSUs granted in January 2019 are performance-based and one-third (⅓) are time-based.  One-third (⅓) vests and converts into shares of Common Stock based on the satisfaction of net income and ROA performance metrics for 2019, one-third (⅓) vests and converts based on the satisfaction of net income and ROA performance metrics for 2020 and the final one-third (⅓) vests and converts three years from the date of grant. 
[END TABLE]
The following table sets forth information regarding outstanding equity awards for the NEOs at December 31, 2018, as updated to include grants in January 2019 based on 2018 performance. Outstanding Equity Awards
[BEGIN TABLE]
  Name    Option Awards    Stock Awards  
  Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options  (#)    Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options  (#)    Option Exercise Price    Option Expiration    Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (1)    Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (2)  
  Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options  (#)    Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options  (#)    Option Exercise Price    Option Expiration    Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (1)    Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (2)  
  Exercisable    Unexercisable    ($)    Date    (#)    ($)  
  Michael N. Vittorio     						           						      						      87,682     1,749,256  
  Mark D. Curtis    1,000         11.14    1/18/20            
       10,629         12.90    1/24/21            
        						           						      						     31,330     625,034  
  Christopher Becker     						      						      						      						     21,039    419,728  
  Christopher Hilton     						           						      						     12,107    241,535  
  Paul Daley     						      						      						      						     18,407    367,220   
    (2)      Represents the value of the maximum number of shares into which RSUs can potentially be converted based on the closing price of the Common Stock on December 31, 2018 of $19.95. 
[END TABLE]
The following table sets forth information for the NEOs for 2018 regarding stock options exercised and stock awards acquired on vesting during the year.    
Stock Option Exercises And Stock Vested
[BEGIN TABLE]
  Name    Option Awards    Stock Awards  
  Number of Shares Acquired on Exercise    Value Realized on Exercise (1)    Shares Acquired on Vesting     Value Realized on Vesting  (2)  
  (#)    ($)    (#)    ($)  
  Michael N. Vittorio    -    -    35,778    721,603  
  Mark D. Curtis    9,029    115,053    12,490    255,588  
  Christopher Becker    -    -    6,926    142,449  
  Christopher Hilton    -    -    -    -  
  Paul Daley    -    -    8,065    165,172  
    (1)      The value realized on stock option exercises is the difference between the closing market value on the day preceding the exercise date and the amount paid to exercise the options. 
    (2)      The value realized on vesting represents the market value on December 31, 2018 of $19.95 or earlier vesting date. 
[END TABLE]
PENSION BENEFITS
The Bank has a tax-qualified defined benefit pension plan and maintains the related SERP described hereinafter.  The following table sets forth the present value of accumulated benefits under the Pension Plan as of December 31, 2018,  under the pension portion of the SERP as of September 30, 2018, and the number of years of credited service for each NEO through December 31, 2018.  No pension benefits were distributed to the NEOs during 2018. Pension Benefits
[BEGIN TABLE]
  Name         Number of Years of Credited Service    Present Value of Accumulated Benefit (1)  
  Plan Name    (#)    ($)  
  Michael N. Vittorio    Tax-qualified defined benefit pension plan    15.42    791,985  
       Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan         15.42    1,257,744  
  Mark D. Curtis    Tax qualified defined benefit pension plan    21.00    1,080,780  
  Christopher Becker    Tax qualified defined benefit pension plan    6.83    186,262  
  Christopher Hilton    Tax qualified defined benefit pension plan    .5    8,233  
  Paul Daley    Tax qualified defined benefit pension plan    21.83    974,509  
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
    (1)      The actuarial assumptions used in determining the present value of the accumulated benefit for each NEO under the Pension Plan are set forth in Note J "Retirement Plans" to the Corporation's 2018 Consolidated Financial Statements.  With respect to the SERP, the present value of the accumulated benefit is equal to the present value of the annuity on October 1, 2018. 
[END TABLE]
Pension Plan
Employees, including the NEOs, who are over 21 years of age and have been employed by the Bank for more than one year, are eligible to participate in the Pension Plan.  Compensation used to determine benefits includes base salary, commissions, cash incentive compensation and taxable fringe benefits, but excludes employer contributions to the 401(k) Plan, amounts realized from the exercise of nonqualified stock options, amounts realized from the conversion of restricted stock units into shares of stock and amounts realized from the sale, exchange or other disposition of stock.  Employees that elect to participate in the Pension Plan make contributions of 2%  of their compensation used to determine benefits.  Employees become fully vested in the Pension Plan after 5 years of service with the Bank and 4 years of participation in the Pension Plan (no vesting occurs during that 5-year period) or, for employees hired before February 28, 2011, upon attainment of age 55.  The normal retirement age is 65.  For benefits earned through February 28, 2011, early retirement with an unreduced benefit is available at age 62, provided that at least 10 years of vesting service had been completed by age 62 and employment by the Bank began at age 55 or prior.  Early retirement with a reduced benefit is available beginning at age 55.  For benefits earned through February 28, 2011, the reduction is equal to 3% per year for each year that early retirement precedes age 65, or age 62 provided that at least 10 years of vesting service have been completed by age 62 and employment began at age 55 or prior.  For benefits earned after February 28, 2011, the reduction is based on actuarial equivalence.
Upon retirement, each participant with a spouse is paid a benefit in the form of a joint and survivor annuity.  Participants without a spouse are paid a benefit in the form of a single life annuity guaranteed for sixty (60) months.  All participants, whether with or without a spouse, may elect optional forms of benefit payments.  For all participants, the annuity benefit is an amount equal to the sum of: (1) the participant's Average Annual Compensation multiplied by the product of 1.75 percent and the participant's credited years of service through February 28, 2011; plus (2) the participant's Average Annual Compensation multiplied by the product of 1.50 percent and the participant's credited years of service after February 28, 2011, with total years of credited service under clauses "1" and "2" limited to a maximum of 35 years; plus (3) 1.25 percent of Average Annual Compensation multiplied by the participant's credited years of service in excess of 35 years (up to five such years); and less (4) the product of .49 percent of the participant's Final Average Annual Compensation, limited to Covered Compensation, and the participant's Benefit Service up to 35 years.  The 0.49 percent represents the minimum Social Security offset to the pension benefit.  Average Annual Compensation, Final Average Annual Compensation, Covered Compensation and Benefit Service are all as defined in the Plan document.
Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan
The Bank has a legacy SERP with the CEO as its only participant.  The CEO's participation in this legacy plan began upon his tenure as CEO of the Corporation and the Bank in 2004.  The SERP provides the additional benefits that would have been provided to the CEO under the Pension and 401(k) Plans in the absence of Internal Revenue Code limitations for qualified plans. 
The SERP was also designed so that the supplemental pension and 401(k) contributions are made to a "secular trust" for the benefit of the CEO so that the assets are protected in the same manner as those of the Pension and 401(k) Plans (amounts contributed to the secular trust are not subject to the claims of creditors of the Bank).  The Bank's contributions to the secular trust are tax-deductible by the Bank when made and, even though the SERP benefits will not be distributed to the CEO until a later time, such contributions and earnings thereon are taxable to the CEO when received or earned by the trust.  The Bank's contributions to the SERP are reduced by applicable income tax withholdings.  As a result of the foregoing, in lieu of increasing the Bank's contributions to the SERP or the CEOs other sources of compensation to take into account the taxes incurred by the CEO, the Bank contributes an amount to the SERP that, after applicable withholding taxes, will be sufficient to fund the SERP's benefit obligation when due.  The assets in the secular trust are invested in equity and fixed income mutual funds, which produce earnings from dividends and interest.  Except for this one legacy SERP  arrangement, the Board of Directors has since adopted a prohibition of tax gross-up arrangements and included this prohibition in the Corporation's published Corporate Governance Guidelines.
The following table sets forth Nonqualified Deferred Compensation information as of and for the year ended December 31, 2018 for Mr. Vittorio with respect to the supplemental 401(k) Plan portion of the SERP.
NONQUALIFIED DEFERRED COMPENSATION
[BEGIN TABLE]
         Registrant Contributions    Aggregate Investment Earnings    Aggregate Balance  
         Registrant Contributions    Aggregate Investment Earnings    Aggregate Balance  
  Name    in Last Fiscal Year (1)    (Loss) in Last Fiscal Year (2)    at Last Fiscal Year End (3)  
  Michael N. Vittorio    11,700    (1,409)    102,402  
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
    (1)      Registrant contributions to the SERP are included in the "All Other Compensation" column of the "Summary Compensation Table" in this proxy statement. 
    (2)      Aggregate earnings are not included in the "Summary Compensation Table" in this proxy statement.  
    (3)      Includes $88,469 previously reported as compensation to the NEO in the Summary Compensation Tables for previous years. 
[END TABLE]
401(k) Plan
The Bank has a tax-qualified 401(k) Plan.  Employees, including the NEOs, are eligible to participate provided they are at least 18 years of age.  The Bank may, at its sole discretion, make matching contributions to each participant's account based on the amount of the participant's tax deferred contributions.  Eligibility for employer matching contributions, if any, occurs after completing twelve (12) consecutive months of Eligibility Service, as defined, in which the participant worked a minimum of 1,000 hours.  The sum of employee elective contributions and employer matching contributions plus any other additions to a participant's account for 2018 cannot exceed the lesser of $55,000 or 100% of the participant's compensation.  Participants are fully vested in their elective contributions and fully vest in any employer matching contributions after five years of participation.  Employer matching contributions made during the first five years of participation vest ratably over the remainder of the five-year period.
Participants in the 401(k) Plan will receive benefits generally upon attainment of age 65.  However, the 401(k) Plan contains provisions allowing pre-termination withdrawals and loans under certain circumstances.  The amount of a participant's Normal Retirement Benefit, as defined, will depend upon the accumulation of contributions and forfeitures and the investment performance of the 401(k) Plan.  The 401(k) Plan matching contributions for 2018 made to the account of each NEO are set forth in the "All Other Compensation Table" appearing elsewhere in this proxy statement.
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS
The NEOs each have employment agreements with the Corporation pursuant to which Mr. Vittorio is employed as CEO of the Corporation, Mr. Curtis is employed as Senior Executive Vice President and CFO of the Corporation, Mr. Becker is employed as Executive Vice President and Chief Risk Officer of the Corporation, Mr. Hilton is employed as Executive Vice President of the Corporation and Mr. Daley is employed as Executive Vice President and Senior Commercial Banking Officer of the Corporation.  
Mr. Vittorio's employment agreement has a term of three (3) calendar years beginning January 1, 2017 and expiring on December 31, 2019.  Mr. Hilton's employment agreement has a term of two (2) calendar years beginning January 1, 2018 and the employment agreements with the other NEOs have terms of two (2) calendar years beginning January 1, 2017.  Commencing on the first anniversary of each of these two-year employment agreements and continuing on each anniversary thereafter, each of these agreements shall renew for an additional period of one year such that the remaining term shall be two years unless written notice of non-renewal is provided to the NEO at least thirty (30) days prior to any such anniversary date.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, each of these two-year employment agreements shall expire on December 31 of the calendar year in which the NEO attains age 65 ("Retirement Age Termination Date").  Mr. Curtis' employment agreement has been extended for two years beyond its Retirement Age Termination Date of December 31, 2019.  Nothing in these two-year employment agreements shall mandate or prohibit employment of the NEOs beyond their Retirement Age Termination Dates.  However, a NEO shall not be entitled to any benefits or payments under his employment agreement following the Retirement Age Termination Date unless the Corporation has elected to extend such agreement pursuant to its terms for an additional period of two years.
Pursuant to each NEO's employment agreement, if the NEO is terminated by the Board without cause or the NEO terminates his employment following an event constituting Good Reason, the NEO will receive a cash lump sum severance payment equal to a multiple of the NEO's base salary (three times base salary for the CEO and two times base salary for the other NEOs) plus an amount equal to the product of the reasonably estimated monthly cost of the medical, dental and vision insurance coverage maintained by the Bank for the NEO immediately prior to the NEOs date of termination multiplied by thirty-six (36) for the CEO and twenty-four (24) for the other NEOs.  The cash lump sum payment is conditioned on the NEO executing a release of the NEO's claims against the Corporation and  any affiliate, and their officers, directors, successors and assigns.  The CEO's cash lump sum payment is also conditioned on the CEO not being eligible to receive compensation and benefits pursuant to the CEO's employment agreement in connection with a change in control, as defined.  In addition to receiving a cash lump sum payment, outstanding restricted stock units granted to the CEO shall become vested and payable under the same terms and conditions as would apply upon the CEO's retirement as set forth in the applicable award agreements between the Corporation and the CEO.
Upon termination of the CEO's employment by the Corporation without cause or by the CEO with Good Reason on or after the effective time of a change in control, as defined, the CEO shall receive a cash lump sum payment equal to three (3) times the sum of CEOs highest rate of base salary payable during the current calendar year of the CEO's date of termination or either of the two (2) calendar years immediately preceding the CEO's date of termination. In addition, the CEO shall receive a cash lump sum equal to thirty-six (36) times the reasonably estimated monthly cost of the medical, dental and vision insurance coverage maintained by the Bank for CEO immediately prior to the CEO's date of termination.  In the case of the other NEOs, termination of employment by the Corporation without cause or by the NEO with Good Reason after the effective time of a change in control, as defined, results in the same severance payment that would be made in the absence of a change in control.  In the event of a change in control, and pursuant to the terms of the award agreements between the NEOs and the Corporation, all outstanding and unvested equity awards shall immediately vest. 
Good Reason exists if, without the NEO's express written consent, any of the following occurs: (i) the failure to appoint the NEO during the term of the NEOs employment agreement to the executive position occupied by the NEO at the date of commencement of the employment agreement; (ii) a reduction in the NEO's base salary; (iii) the failure of the Bank to maintain the NEO's participation under the Bank's employee benefit, retirement, or material fringe benefit plans, policies, practices, or arrangements in which the NEO participates; or (iv) a relocation of the NEO's principal place of employment by more than 50 miles from the NEO's principal place of employment at the date of commencement of the NEO's employment agreement.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the change in control severance payments under the employment agreements for the NEOs will be reduced to avoid an excess parachute payment under Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code if doing so results in a greater after-tax benefit to the NEO.  
Each NEO's employment agreement subjects the NEO to non-compete and non-solicitation provisions for a period of two years for the CEO or one year for the other NEOs following their date of termination, provided, however, that such restrictions would not apply in the event of the NEOs termination for cause or termination of employment following a change in control.  
The following table sets forth potential payments to the NEOs upon termination of their employment by the Corporation without cause or by the NEOs for Good Reason absent a change in control.  The table also sets forth for the NEOs the accelerated vesting, if any, of unvested option and stock awards. 
[BEGIN TABLE]
       Payment Resulting from Termination Without Cause or For Good Reason   Absent a Change in Control  
       Lump Sum Cash Payment Based on:     						      						      						   
       Multiple of Base Salary    Multiple of Cost of Medical, Dental and Vision Insurance    Total Lump Sum Cash Payment    Accelerated Vesting of Equity Awards     						    						    						   Total Termination  Payment  
       Multiple of Base Salary    Multiple of Cost of Medical, Dental and Vision Insurance    Total Lump Sum Cash Payment    Accelerated Vesting of Equity Awards     						    						    						   Total Termination  Payment  
  Name    ($)    ($)    ($)    ($)    ($)  
  Michael N. Vittorio    1,995,000     41,17     2,036,170    889,930     2,926,100  
  Mark D. Curtis    776,000     57,842    833,842    -    833,842  
  Christopher Becker    660,000    81,765    741,765    -    741,765  
  Christopher Hilton     520,000    2,952    522,952    -    522,952  
  Paul Daley    566,000     81,765    647,765    -    647,765  
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
       Payment Resulting from Termination Without Cause or For Good Reason   Following a Change in Control  
       Lump Sum Cash Payment Based on:     						      						      						   
       Multiple of Base Salary    Multiple of Cost of Medical, Dental and Vision Insurance    Total Lump Sum Cash Payment    Accelerated Vesting of Equity Awards     						    						    						   Total Termination  Payment  
       Multiple of Base Salary    Multiple of Cost of Medical, Dental and Vision Insurance    Total Lump Sum Cash Payment    Accelerated Vesting of Equity Awards     						    						    						   Total Termination  Payment  
  Name    ($)    ($)    ($)    ($)    ($)  
  Michael N. Vittorio    1,995,000     41,170     2,036,170     1,365,857    3,402,027  
  Mark D. Curtis    776,000     57,842     833,842     491,428    1,325,270  
  Christopher Becker    660,000    81,765    741,765    328,517    1,070,282  
  Christopher Hilton     520,000    2,952     522,952     197,146    720,098  
  Paul Daley    566,000     81,765     647,765     290,033    937,798  
[END TABLE]
In 1992, the Bank, as tenant, entered into a lease with H. T. Hogan Jr., d/b/a Briar Ridge Properties, covering premises in a building located in Locust Valley, New York, used as a branch office.  The Bank subsequently modified and extended the lease in 2002 and 2012.  The 2012 modification and extension, including the current five-year renewal period, expires on October 31, 2022.  In addition to base rent, the Bank is responsible for its proportionate share of the real estate taxes on the building in which the leased premises are located.  Under the terms of the lease, the Bank was obligated to pay $44,389 for the year ended December 31, 2018.  In 2009, the Bank, as tenant, entered into a lease with CSH Realty LLC, covering premises in a building located in Cold Spring Harbor, New York used as a branch office.  The lease expires on December 31, 2019.  Under the terms of the lease, the Bank was obligated to pay $33,014 for the year ended December 31, 2018.  Howard Thomas Hogan, Jr., a director of the Corporation and the Bank, owns or controls companies that own both properties.  The Corporation believes that the terms of the leases are comparable to competitive terms that could have been obtained from an unrelated third party.
The Bank has had, and expects to have in the future, banking transactions in the ordinary course of its business with directors, executive officers, principal stockholders of the Corporation and their associates.  Such transactions, including borrowings and loan commitments, are made in the ordinary course of business on substantially the same terms, including interest rates and collateral, as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with others and, in the opinion of management, do not involve more than a normal risk of collectability nor do they present other unfavorable features.
Certain directors are officers, directors, partners or stockholders of companies or partnerships which, or associates of which, may have been customers of the Bank in the ordinary course of business during 2018 and up to the present time.  Additional transactions of this type may occur in the future.  All such transactions were effected on substantially the same terms as comparable transactions with other persons.
SECTION 16(A) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING COMPLIANCE
Our executive officers, directors and beneficial owners of greater than 10% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock are required to file reports with the SEC disclosing beneficial ownership and changes in beneficial ownership of our Common Stock.  SEC rules require disclosure if an executive officer, director or 10% beneficial owner does not file these reports on a timely basis.  Based on our review of ownership reports required to be filed for the year ended December 31, 2018, all filing requirements were satisfied on a timely basis. PROPOSAL 3
RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
The consolidated financial statements of the Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2018 were audited by Crowe LLP ("Crowe").  The Audit Committee has appointed Crowe as the Corporation's independent registered public accounting firm to audit the Corporation's consolidated financial statements for the year ending December 31, 2019.  A resolution will be presented at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to ratify the appointment of Crowe.  The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of shares represented in person or by proxy and voting on this item will be required for ratification.  If there is no designation on an executed proxy as to how the shares represented should be voted, the proxy will be voted for the ratification.  If the stockholders do not ratify the appointment of Crowe, the Audit Committee will reconsider its selection of Crowe as the Corporation's independent registered public accounting firm.  Even if the stockholders ratify the appointment of Crowe, the Audit Committee in its discretion may direct the appointment of a different independent registered public accounting firm at any time during the year if it determines that such change is in the best interests of the Corporation and its stockholders. 
A representative of Crowe is expected to be present at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders and will have the opportunity to make a statement and respond to appropriate questions from stockholders.
The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR ratification of the appointment of Crowe as the Corporation's independent registered public accounting firm.
Audit Fees 
Crowe's fees for audit services for 2018 and 2017 were $305,000 and $270,000, respectively.  The increase in audit fees is mainly due to the Corporation's continued growth and expansion.  Audit services include the following: (1) professional services rendered for the audit of the Corporation's annual consolidated financial statements; (2) reviews of the consolidated financial statements included in the Corporation's Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q; (3) a reading of the Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K; and (4) rendering an opinion on the effectiveness of the Corporation's internal control over financial reporting.    
Audit Related Fees
Audit related fees, as described in Item 9(e)(2) of Schedule 14A of the SEC's Proxy Rules, are fees billed to the Corporation by its Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm ("Independent Auditors") for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of the Corporation's consolidated financial statements and are not audit fees as described in the previous paragraph.  In 2018, Crowe did not bill the Corporation for any audit related fees.    
Tax Fees 
Crowe's fees in 2018 and 2017 for preparing the Corporation's tax returns, providing tax advice and performing tax compliance work were $31,000 and $29,500, respectively.  Crowe's fees in 2018 for other tax-related work, mainly the completion of a cost segregation study relating to accelerated tax depreciation, were $78,825.
All Other Fees
In neither of the last two fiscal years was the Corporation billed by Crowe for any fees other than those described above under the captions "Audit Fees," "Audit Related Fees" and "Tax Fees." 
Audit Committee Approval of Audit Related, Tax and Other Fees
In 2018 and 2017, the Audit Committee specifically approved or pre-approved all fees reported under the sections "Audit Related Fees" and "Tax Fees."
Engagement of Independent Auditors to Perform Audit Services and Non-Audit Services
On an annual basis, and in accordance with the terms of written engagement letters, the Audit Committee has engaged the Corporation's Independent Auditors to perform audit services as previously defined and to prepare the Corporation's income tax returns. 
In addition, from time to time the Audit Committee may engage the Corporation's Independent Auditors to perform non-audit services such as providing tax advice and performing tax compliance work.  The Audit Committee has pre-approved specific types of non-audit services provided that the cost of such services does not exceed $50,000 in any calendar year.  The Audit Committee will not engage the Independent Auditors to perform any non-audit service or pre-approve any non-audit service that could impair, in fact or appearance, the independence of the Independent Auditors.  In addition, the Audit Committee will not pre-approve any non-audit service if such pre-approval constitutes delegation to management of the Audit Committee's responsibilities under the 1934 Act. AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT
Under its charter, the Audit Committee is responsible to assist the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities by reviewing and evaluating: 1) the qualifications and independence of the Independent Auditors; 2) the performance of the Corporation's Independent Auditors, internal audit function and vendors providing internal auditing services; 3) the integrity of the Corporation's financial statements; and 4) management's responsibilities to assure that there is in place an effective system of internal controls.
While the Audit Committee has the responsibilities and powers set forth in this Charter, it is not the duty of the Audit Committee to plan or conduct audits or to determine that the Corporation's financial statements and disclosures are complete and accurate and are in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ("GAAP") and applicable rules and regulations.  These are the responsibilities of management and the Independent Auditors.
Specific duties and responsibilities of the Audit Committee include, among other things: 1) appoint, retain, compensate, evaluate and, where appropriate, replace the Independent Auditors;  2) approve all fees and terms of engagement of the Independent Auditors; 3) confirm the independence of the Independent Auditors; 4) review and discuss with management and the Independent Auditors the Corporation's audited consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting; 5) meet with the Corporation's Independent Auditors and review the scope of audit services and the results of their annual audit of the Corporation's consolidated financial statements, including any recommendations the Independent Auditors may have with respect to internal controls or other business matters; 6) approve the internal audit plan and review the scope and results of internal audits; 7) review the results of examinations performed by regulatory authorities; 8) oversee management's responsibility to fulfill the annual internal control reporting requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the annual audit and management reporting requirements of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991; 9) review the Bank's performance of its obligations under various laws and regulations, including those affecting consumers; 10) review related party transactions; and 11) oversee management's responsibility to implement internal controls over information technology and information security risks.  
The evaluation of the Independent Auditors occurs at least annually and includes, among other things, a review of the most recent Public Company Accounting Oversight Board ("PCAOB") report and communications required by PCAOB Auditing Standard Number 1301 regarding the independence and appointment of the Independent Auditors and the results of the annual audit.  The evaluation also includes consideration of the Independent Auditors qualifications and industry experience, the performance of the audit partner and audit team and the tenure of the firm and appropriateness of fees.  Crowe has served as the Corporation's Independent Auditors since 2003 and the audit partner is rotated at least every five years.  The Audit Committee received and reviewed the written disclosures and the letter from Crowe required by applicable requirements of the PCAOB regarding Crowe's communications with the Audit Committee concerning independence, and discussed with Crowe their independence.
The Audit Committee reviews and discusses with management and the Independent Auditors the annual audited financial statements, the Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and earnings press releases prior to their filing, including reviewing the disclosures made in "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations."  The Audit Committee also reviews and discusses policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management.  Such discussions include the Corporation's major financial and accounting risk exposures and the steps management has undertaken to control them.
The Audit Committee reviews reports from management regarding, among other things, the framework and effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting and disclosure controls, compliance with laws and regulations, and controls over information technology risk.    
The Audit Committee met eight times during 2018 and schedules meetings to ensure it devotes enough time and attention to the duties and responsibilities outlined in this report.  Periodic executive sessions are held with the Independent Auditors, Chief Auditor and other members of management to discuss any matters that the Committee or these persons believe should be discussed.
The Audit Committee regularly reports its activities to the Board, and annually conducts a review of its Charter and performs a self-assessment.
Based on the review and discussions referred to above, we recommended to the Board that the audited financial statements be included in the Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 for filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
The Audit Committee:
[BEGIN TABLE]
· Alexander L. Cover, Chairman 
· John J. Desmond 
· Peter Quick 
· Walter C. Teagle III 
[END TABLE]
The preceding report shall not be deemed incorporated by reference by any general statement incorporating by reference this proxy statement into any filing under the 1933 Act or 1934 Act, except to the extent the Corporation specifically incorporates this information by reference, and shall not otherwise be deemed filed under the 1933 Act or the 1934 Act. OTHER MATTERS
The Board of the Corporation does not know of any matters for action by stockholders at the Annual Meeting other than the matters described in the Notice of Annual Meeting.  However, the enclosed Proxy will confer discretionary authority with respect to matters which are not known to the Board at the time of the printing hereof and which may properly come before the meeting.  It is the intention of the persons named in the proxy to vote such proxy with respect to such matters in accordance with their best judgment.
The entire expense of preparing, assembling and mailing the enclosed material will be borne by the Corporation.  In addition to using the mail, directors, officers and employees of the Bank acting on behalf of the Corporation, and without extra compensation, may solicit proxies in person, by telephone or by facsimile.    
STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS
Any proposals of stockholders intended to be submitted at the 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders under SEC Rule 14a-8 must be received by the Chairman of the Board or the President no later than November 15, 2019 in order to be considered for inclusion in the proxy statement and form of proxy for such meeting under SEC Rule 14a-8.  
Under the Corporation's bylaws, a stockholder must follow certain procedures to nominate persons for election as directors or to introduce an item of business at a meeting of stockholders. These procedures provide, generally, that stockholders desiring to make nominations for directors, or to bring a proper subject of business before the 2020 Annual Meeting, must do so by a written notice timely delivered to the Corporation's Secretary generally not later than December 16, 2019.
If the Corporation is not notified of a matter to be brought before the 2020 Annual Meeting by December 16, 2019 or if a matter is omitted from the proxy statement or proxy pursuant to SEC Rule 14a-8, then the proxy may provide discretionary authority to management of the Corporation to vote against such matter.   
Nothing in this proxy statement will be deemed to require us to include in our proxy statement and proxy relating to an annual meeting any stockholder proposal that does not meet all of the requirements for inclusion established by the SEC in effect at the time such proposal is received.    
INTERNET AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS
Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on April 16, 2019
The Company's proxy statement and form of proxy for its 2019 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and its 2018 Annual Report on Form 10-K to security holders is available at http://www.cstproxy.com/fnbli/2019.
For driving directions to North Hempstead Country Club, the location of the annual meeting, please go to https://www.nhccli.com.
ANNUAL REPORTS TO STOCKHOLDERS
Consolidated financial statements for the Corporation are included in the Corporation's 2018 Annual Report on Form 10-K which was mailed with this Proxy Statement.  In addition, copies of the 2018 Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission will be sent to any stockholder upon written request without charge.  Such request should be directed to Mark D. Curtis, Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, at the Corporation's principal office, 10 Glen Head Road, Glen Head, New York 11545.
[BEGIN TABLE]
      By Order of the Board of Directors  
       						   Christopher Becker  
       						   Christopher Becker  
  March 15, 2019    Executive Vice President  Chief Risk Officer and Corporate Secretary  
[END TABLE]
      			   		