 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549
__________________
SCHEDULE 14A
__________________
Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
__________________
Filed by the Registrant S
Filed by a Party other than the Registrant £
Check the appropriate box:
[BEGIN TABLE]
 £     Preliminary Proxy Statement  
 £     Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2))  
 S     Definitive Proxy Statement  
 £     Definitive Additional Materials  
 £     Soliciting Material under §240.14a-12  
[END TABLE]
FIESTA RESTAURANT GROUP, INC.
(Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)
_____________________________________________
(Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement if other than the Registrant)
Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box):
[BEGIN TABLE]
 S     No fee required.  
 £     Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11.  
     (1)     Title of each class of securities to which transaction applies:  
     (2)     Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies:  
     (3)     Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11 (Set forth the amount on which the filing fee is calculated and state how it was determined):  
     (4)     Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction:  
     (5)     Total fee paid:  
 £     Fee paid previously with preliminary materials.  
 £     Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing for which the offsetting fee was paid previously. Identify the previous filing by registration statement number, or the Form or Schedule and the date of its filing.  
     (1)     Amount Previously Paid:  
     (2)     Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.:  
     (3)     Filing Party:  
     (4)     Date Filed:  
[END TABLE]
 Annual Meeting of Shareholders
Notice and Proxy Statement
April 30, 2019 9:00 A.M. (EDT) 
JW Marriott Hotel, 1109 Brickell Avenue Miami, Florida Chairman's Letter
Fellow Shareholders:
We are pleased to present you with the 2019 Proxy Statement of Fiesta Restaurant Group, Inc. ("Fiesta") and cordially invite you to attend Fiesta's 2019 annual meeting of shareholders, which will be held at 9:00 a.m., local time, on Tuesday, April 30, 2019 at the JW Marriott Hotel, 1109 Brickell Avenue, Miami, Florida 33131.
In 2018 we completed our Strategic Renewal Plan, including the review of our restaurant portfolio, that we began in 2017. In addition to this comprehensive review designed to optimize our restaurant footprint, other components included:
1.      Revitalizing our Brands in Core Markets
2.      Improving Capital Management and Financial Discipline
3.      Establishing Platforms for Long-Term Growth
While we still have work ahead of us, we believe that the foundation has been set to drive substantial long-term shareholder value creation.
Shareholder Engagement:    During 2018, independent members of our Board of Directors and members of our management team continued to engage with shareholders on a regular basis. The input received continues to be incorporated into our board's deliberations and decisions, and we took several actions that were informed, in part, by the feedback we received. After being spun-off from our former parent company, we are entering our 8th year as an independent publicly traded company. 
Board Refreshment:    We have an active board refreshment program. Over the past two years, we welcomed three additional independent directors to our board. Our newest Board member brings significant industry marketing and advertising experience, including in the digital and social media space. Our board also has adopted a mandatory retirement policy, which provides that a person is not eligible for election as a director if he or she is older than 75 years of age. Our board members, including the three new independent board members who joined us in the last two years and our Chief Executive Officer, bring significant restaurant and retail industry operating experience.
We appreciate the willingness of our shareholders to engage with us on these matters. We look forward to continuing to evolve our board, governance, compensation and sustainability practices as part of the overall revitalization of Fiesta.
Sincerely,
Stacey Rauch Chairman of the Board Fiesta Restaurant Group, Inc.
FIESTA RESTAURANT GROUP, INC. 14800 Landmark Boulevard, Suite 500 Dallas, Texas 75254
__________________
You are invited to attend the 2019 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which we refer to as the "2019 Annual Meeting", of FIESTA RESTAURANT GROUP, INC., a Delaware corporation, which we refer to as "we", "us", "our", the "Company", "Fiesta Restaurant Group", and "Fiesta".
Date and Time:
Tuesday, April 30, 2019, at 9:00 A.M. (EDT)
Place:
JW Marriott Hotel
1109 Brickell Avenue
Miami, Florida 33131
Record Date:
March 4, 2019
Notice and Voting:
Only shareholders of record as of the record date are entitled to receive notice of, and to vote at, the 2019 Annual Meeting, and at any adjournment or postponement thereof. You are entitled to one vote per proposal for each share of common stock held by you.
To Fiesta Restaurant Group Shareholders:
At the meeting, shareholders will be asked to consider and vote upon the following proposals:
(1)    To elect the eight directors named in the Proxy Statement to serve until the next Annual Meeting of Shareholders or until their respective successors have been duly elected and qualified;
(2)    To adopt, on an advisory basis, a non-binding resolution approving the compensation of the Company's Named Executive Officers, as described in the Proxy Statement under "Executive Compensation";
(3)    To ratify the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP as the independent registered public accounting firm of the Company for the 2019 fiscal year; and
(4)    To consider and act upon such other matters as may properly come before the 2019 Annual Meeting. 
A list of our shareholders as of the close of business on March 4, 2019 will be available for inspection during business hours for ten days prior to the 2019 Annual Meeting at our principal executive offices located at 14800 Landmark Boulevard, Suite 500, Dallas, Texas 75254.
If you are a shareholder of record, the inspector of election will have your name on a list and you will be able to gain entry to the meeting upon presentation of some form of government-issued photo identification such as a driver's license, state-issued ID card or passport. If you are not a shareholder of record, but hold shares through a broker, trustee or nominee, you must provide proof of beneficial ownership as of the record date, such as an account statement or similar evidence of ownership, along with a form of photo identification referred to above. If you do not comply with the procedures outlined above, you will not be admitted to the meeting.
We are taking advantage of the Securities and Exchange Commission rule that allows us to deliver our proxy materials (which include the Proxy Statement included with this notice, our 2019 annual report and form of proxy card) to shareholders via the Internet. As a result, our shareholders will receive a mailing containing only a notice of the meeting instead of paper copies of our proxy materials.
Your vote is important. Whether or not you plan to attend the meeting, please review our proxy materials and request a proxy card to sign, date and return or submit your proxy by telephone or through the Internet. If you attend the meeting in person, you may, if you desire, revoke your proxy and choose to vote in person even if you had previously sent in your proxy card or voted by telephone or the Internet.
[BEGIN TABLE]
     Very truly yours,  
     Louis DiPietro  
     Senior Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary  
 Miami, Florida      
 March 20, 2019      
[END TABLE]
IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS FOR THE 2019 ANNUAL MEETING TO BE HELD ON APRIL 30, 2019: THE PROXY STATEMENT FOR THE 2019 ANNUAL MEETING AND OUR 2018 ANNUAL REPORT ARE AVAILABLE FREE OF CHARGE AT WWW.PROXYVOTE.COM.
The approximate date on which the "Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials" was first sent or given to shareholders was on or about March 20, 2019.
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
2019 Annual Meeting Information
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Date     Time     Place     Record Date  
 Tuesday,  April 30, 2019     9:00 A.M.  (EDT)     JW Marriott Hotel 1109 Brickell Avenue Miami, Florida 33131     March 4, 2019  
[END TABLE]
For additional information about our Annual Meeting, see the section titled "Questions and Answers About the 2019 Annual Meeting."
Matters to be Voted on at Our 2019 Annual Meeting
[BEGIN TABLE]
 BALLOT ITEMS     BOARD RECOMMENDATION     PAGE  
 Proposal 1. Election of the eight directors named in the Proxy Statement to serve until the next Annual Meeting of Shareholders or until their respective successors have been duly elected and qualified     FOR each director     6  
 Proposal 2. Adoption, on an advisory basis, of a non-binding resolution approving the compensation of the Company's Named Executive Officers, as described in the Proxy Statement under "Executive Compensation"     FOR     49  
 Proposal 3. Ratification of the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP as the independent registered public accounting firm of the Company for the 2019 fiscal year     FOR     50  
 Proposal 4. To consider and act upon such other matters as may properly come before the 2019 Annual Meeting          
[END TABLE]
How to Cast Your Vote
Shareholders of record can vote by any of the following methods:
[BEGIN TABLE]
      In person, at the 2019 Annual Meeting. If you attend the 2019 Annual Meeting, you may deliver your completed proxy card in person or you may vote by completing a ballot, which we will provide to you at the 2019 Annual Meeting.  
      Via telephone by calling 1-800-690-6903.  
      Via Internet by visiting www.proxyvote.com.  
      Via mail (if you received your proxy materials by mail), you can vote by marking, dating, signing and returning the proxy card in the postage-paid envelope  
[END TABLE]
• If you hold your shares beneficially in "street name" through a broker, bank or other nominee, you may be able to complete your proxy and authorize your vote by proxy, by telephone or the Internet as well as by mail. You must follow the instructions provided by your broker or other nominee to vote your shares.
• If you do not provide voting instructions to your bank, broker, trustee or other nominee holding shares of our common stock for you, your shares will not be voted with respect to Proposals 1, 2 and 4, as we do not believe such proposals qualify for discretionary voting treatment by a broker.
• If you are a beneficial owner holding your shares in "street name" and you do not provide voting instructions to your bank, broker, trustee or other nominee holding shares of our common stock for you, your shares of common stock will not be voted with respect to any proposal for which the shareholder of record does not have "discretionary" authority to vote.
FIESTA RESTAURANT GROUP, INC.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
[BEGIN TABLE]
     Page  
 QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE 2019 ANNUAL MEETING     2  
 PROPOSAL 1      
 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS     6  
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT     18  
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS     20  
 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE     21  
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION     22  
 REPORT OF THE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE     29  
 SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE     30  
 GRANTS OF PLAN-BASED AWARDS     34  
 OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END     35  
 OPTIONS EXERCISED AND STOCK VESTED     37  
 NONQUALIFIED DEFERRED COMPENSATION     37  
 POTENTIAL PAYMENTS UPON TERMINATION OR CHANGE-OF-CONTROL     38  
 DIRECTOR COMPENSATION     46  
 PROPOSAL 2      
 ADVISORY VOTE TO APPROVE THE COMPENSATION OF THE COMPANY'S NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AS DESCRIBED IN THIS PROXY STATEMENT UNDER "EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION"     49  
 PROPOSAL 3      
 RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM     50  
 ANNUAL MEETING PROCEDURES     51  
 OTHER INFORMATION     54  
[END TABLE]
i
FIESTA RESTAURANT GROUP, INC. 14800 Landmark Boulevard, Suite 500 Dallas, Texas 75254
__________________
PROXY STATEMENT FOR ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS APRIL 30, 2019
__________________
This Proxy Statement is furnished in connection with the solicitation of proxies by the board of directors of FIESTA RESTAURANT GROUP, INC., a Delaware corporation, to be used at the Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which we refer to as the "2019 Annual Meeting" or the "meeting", of the Company which will be held at the JW Marriott Hotel, 1109 Brickell Avenue, Miami, Florida 33131 on Tuesday, April 30, 2019, at 9:00 A.M. (EDT), and at any adjournment or adjournments thereof. Only shareholders of record at the close of business on March 4, 2019, which we refer to as the "record date", will be entitled to vote at the 2019 Annual Meeting. The approximate date on which the "Important Notice Regarding the Availability or Proxy Materials" was first sent or given to shareholders was on or about March 20, 2019.
Holders of our common stock at the close of business on March 4, 2019 will be entitled to vote at the 2019 Annual Meeting. As of March 4, 2019, 27,167,117 shares of our common stock, $0.01 par value per share, were outstanding and each entitled to one vote. Shareholders are entitled to one vote for each share of common stock held. A majority, or 13,583,559 of these shares, present in person or represented by proxy at the 2019 Annual Meeting, will constitute a quorum for the transaction of business.
This Proxy Statement and our 2018 Annual Report are also available at www.proxyvote.com.
All references in this Proxy Statement to "Fiesta Restaurant Group", the "Company", "we", "us" and "our" refer to Fiesta Restaurant Group, Inc. References to the "board of directors" or "board" refer to the board of directors of Fiesta Restaurant Group. QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE 2019 ANNUAL MEETING
Why did I receive an "Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials"?
Pursuant to the "notice and access" rules adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission, which we refer to as the "SEC", instead of mailing a printed proxy card or printed materials, we have elected to provide access to our proxy materials (which include this Proxy Statement, our 2018 annual report and form of proxy card) via the Internet. A Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, which we refer to as the "notice" will be mailed to our shareholders of record and beneficial owners (shareholders who own their stock through a nominee such as a bank or broker). The document will instruct shareholders on how to access the proxy materials on a secure website referred to in the notice or how to request printed copies.
In addition, by following the instructions in the notice, shareholders may request to receive proxy materials in printed form by mail or electronically by e-mail on an ongoing basis. Choosing to receive your future proxy materials by e-mail will save us the cost of printing and mailing documents to you. If you choose to receive future proxy materials by e-mail, you will receive an e-mail next year with instructions containing a link to those materials and a link to the proxy voting site. Your election to receive proxy materials by e-mail will remain in effect until you terminate it.
What are the proposals that will be voted at the meeting?
At the 2019 Annual Meeting, the Company asks you to vote on four proposals:
Proposal 1: to elect the eight directors named in the Proxy Statement to serve until the next Annual Meeting of Shareholders or until their respective successors have been duly elected and qualified;
Proposal 2: to adopt, on an advisory basis, a non-binding resolution approving the compensation of the Company's Named Executive Officers, as described in the Proxy Statement under "Executive Compensation";
Proposal 3: to ratify the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP as the independent registered public accounting firm of the Company for the 2019 fiscal year; and
Proposal 4: to consider and act upon such other matters as may properly come before the 2019 Annual Meeting.
The board may also ask you to participate in the transaction of any other business that is properly be brought before the 2019 Annual Meeting in accordance with the provisions of our Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, which we refer to as the "Restated Certificate of Incorporation" and Amended and Restated Bylaws, as amended, which we refer to as the "Bylaws".
THE BOARD UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS VOTING FOR THE ELECTION OF EACH OF THE BOARD'S NOMINEES ON PROPOSAL 1 AND FOR PROPOSALS 2 AND 3.
When will the 2019 Annual Meeting be held?
The 2019 Annual Meeting is scheduled to be held at 9:00 A.M. (EDT), on Tuesday, April 30, 2019, at the JW Marriott Hotel, 1109 Brickell Avenue, Miami, Florida 33131.
Who is soliciting my vote?
In this Proxy Statement, the board is soliciting your vote. How does the board recommend that I vote?
The board unanimously recommends that you vote by proxy using the proxy card with respect to the proposals, as follows:
• FOR the election of the eight named director nominees as directors;
• FOR on an advisory basis, the approval of the non-binding resolution on the compensation of the Company's Named Executive Officers as described in the Proxy Statement under "Executive Compensation"; and
• FOR the ratification of the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP as the independent registered public accounting firm of the Company for the 2019 fiscal year.
Why is the board recommending FOR Proposals 1, 2, and 3?
We describe all proposals and the board's reasons for supporting Proposals 1, 2 and 3 in detail beginning at page 6 of this Proxy Statement.
Who can vote?
Holders of our common stock at the close of business on March 4, 2019, the record date, may vote at the 2019 Annual Meeting.
As of March 4, 2019, there were 27,167,117 shares of our common stock outstanding, each entitled to one vote.
How do I vote if I am a record holder?
You can vote by attending the 2019 Annual Meeting and voting in person, or you can vote by proxy. If you are the record holder of your stock, you can vote in the following four ways:
• By Internet:    You may vote by submitting a proxy over the Internet. Please refer to the notice, proxy card or voting instruction form provided to you by your broker for instructions of how to vote by Internet.
• By Telephone:    Shareholders located in the United States may vote by submitting a proxy by telephone by calling the toll-free telephone number on the notice, proxy card or voting instruction form and following the instructions.
• By Mail:    If you received proxy materials by mail, you can vote by submitting a proxy by mail by marking, dating, signing and returning the proxy card in the postage-paid envelope.
• In Person at the 2019 Annual Meeting:    If you attend the 2019 Annual Meeting, you may deliver your completed proxy card in person or you may vote by completing a ballot, which we will provide to you at the 2019 Annual Meeting. You are encouraged to submit your proxy in advance over the Internet, by telephone or by mail regardless of whether or not you plan to attend the 2019 Annual Meeting.
How do I vote if my common shares are held in "street name"?
If you hold your shares beneficially in street name through a nominee (such as a bank or broker), you may be able to complete your proxy and authorize your vote by proxy by telephone or the Internet as well as by mail. You should follow the instructions you receive from your nominee to vote these shares.
If you do not provide voting instructions to your bank, broker, trustee or other nominee holding shares of our common stock for you, your shares will not be voted with respect to Proposals 1, 2 and 4 as we do not believe such proposals qualify for discretionary voting treatment by a broker. We therefore encourage you to provide voting instructions on a proxy card or a provided voting instruction form to the bank, broker, trustee or other nominee that holds your shares by carefully following the instructions provided in their notice to you. How many votes do I have?
Shareholders are entitled to one vote per proposal for each share of common stock held.
How will my shares of common stock be voted?
The shares of common stock represented by proxies will be voted in accordance with the directions you make thereon at the 2019 Annual Meeting, but if no direction is given and you do not revoke your proxy, your proxy will be voted: FOR the election of the eight named director nominees (Proposal 1); FOR, on an advisory basis, the approval of the non-binding resolution on the compensation of the Company's Named Executive Officers as described in the Proxy Statement under "Executive Compensation," (Proposal 2); and FOR the ratification of the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP as the independent registered public accounting firm of the Company for the 2019 fiscal year (Proposal 3).
What vote is required with respect to the proposals?
Proposal 1 will be decided by the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of common stock voting with respect to such nominee. Proposals 2, 3 and 4 will be decided by the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes present in person or represented by proxy. A shareholder over the Internet, by telephone, or by mail can vote "FOR," "AGAINST" or "ABSTAIN" on these proposals. Each of Proposals 1, 2, 3 and 4 will pass if the total votes cast "for" a given proposal exceed the total number of votes cast "against" and "abstain" on such given proposal.
What is the effect of abstentions and broker non-votes on voting?
Abstentions and broker "non-votes" are included in the determination of the number of shares present at the 2019 Annual Meeting for quorum purposes. Abstentions count as a vote against the proposals. Broker "non-votes" are not counted in the tabulations of the votes cast or present at the 2019 Annual Meeting and entitled to vote on any of the proposals and therefore will have no effect on the outcome of the proposals. A broker "non-vote" occurs when a nominee holding shares for a beneficial owner does not vote on a particular proposal because the nominee does not have discretionary voting power with respect to that item and has not received instructions from the beneficial owner. We anticipate that only Proposal 3 presented at the 2019 Annual Meeting will allow nominees to exercise discretionary voting power.
If I have already voted by proxy against the proposals, can I still change my mind?
Yes. To change your vote by proxy, simply sign, date and return the proxy card or voting instruction form in the accompanying postage-paid envelope, or vote by proxy by telephone or via the Internet in accordance with the instructions in the notice, proxy card or voting instruction form. We strongly urge you to vote by proxy FOR Proposals 1, 2 and 3. Only your latest dated proxy will count at the 2019 Annual Meeting.
Will my shares be voted if I do nothing?
If your shares of our common stock are registered in your name, you must sign and return a proxy card, vote over the Internet or by telephone or attend the 2019 Annual Meeting and vote in person in order for your shares to be voted.
If your shares of common stock are held in "street name," that is, held for your account by a broker, bank or other nominee, and you do not instruct your broker or other nominee how to vote your shares, then, because Proposals 1, 2 and 4 are "non-routine matters," your broker or other nominee would not have discretionary authority to vote your shares on such proposals. If your shares of our common stock are held in "street name," your broker, bank or nominee has enclosed a proxy card or voting instruction form with this Proxy Statement. We strongly encourage you to authorize your broker or other nominee to vote your shares by following the instructions provided on the proxy card or voting instruction form. Please return your proxy card or voting instruction form to your broker or other nominee by proxy, simply sign, date and return the enclosed proxy card or voting instruction form in the accompanying postage-paid envelope, or vote by proxy by telephone or via the Internet in accordance with the instructions in the proxy card or voting instruction form. Please contact the person responsible for your account to ensure that a proxy card or voting instruction form is voted on your behalf.
We strongly urge you to vote by proxy FOR Proposals 1, 2 and 3 by proxy over the Internet using the Internet address on the notice or proxy card, by telephone using the toll-free number on the notice or proxy card or by signing, dating and returning a proxy card by mail. If your shares are held in "street name," you should follow the instructions on your proxy card or voting instruction form provided by your broker or other nominee and provide specific instructions to your broker or other nominee to vote as described above.
What constitutes a quorum?
A majority of the outstanding shares of common stock, present in person or represented by proxy, will constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at the 2019 Annual Meeting. Votes withheld, abstentions and broker non-votes will be counted as present or represented for purposes of determining the presence or absence of a quorum for this meeting. In the absence of a quorum, the 2019 Annual Meeting may be adjourned by a majority of the votes entitled to be cast represented either in person or by proxy.
Whom should I call if I have questions about the 2019 Annual Meeting?
If you have any questions or you need additional copies of the proxy materials, please contact Louis DiPietro, Senior Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary by mail at 7255 Corporate Center Drive, Suite C, Miami, Florida 33126 or by telephone at (305) 671-1257.
IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS FOR THE 2019 ANNUAL MEETING TO BE HELD ON APRIL 30, 2019: THE PROXY STATEMENT FOR THE 2019 ANNUAL MEETING AND OUR 2018 ANNUAL REPORT ARE AVAILABLE FREE OF CHARGE AT WWW.PROXYVOTE.COM. PROPOSAL 1 — ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
Our current directors are Stacey Rauch, Barry J. Alperin, Nicholas Daraviras, Stephen P. Elker, Brian P. Friedman, Sherrill Kaplan, Nicholas P. Shepherd, Paul E. Twohig, and Richard C. Stockinger. Eight directors will be elected at the 2019 Annual Meeting.
Our board of directors is subject to a Mandatory Retirement Policy which provides that (i) effective February 6, 2018, any person (including any currently serving members of our board) shall not be eligible for election as a director of the board if such person is older than 75 years of age, which we refer to as the "Mandatory Retirement Age". Mr. Alperin has reached Mandatory Retirement Age under our Mandatory Retirement Policy and therefore is not eligible to stand for re-election to our board of directors at the 2019 Annual Meeting and Mr. Alperin's term will end at the 2019 Annual Meeting. Effective immediately after the conclusion of the 2019 Annual Meeting, the number of directors on our board of directors will be reduced from nine to eight.
The election of a director requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of common stock voting with respect to such nominee (excluding abstentions and non-votes). Each proxy received will be voted FOR the election of the eight directors named below unless otherwise specified in the proxy.
At this time, our board of directors knows of no reason why the Company's eight nominees would be unable to serve. There are no arrangements or understandings between any nominee and any other person pursuant to which such person was selected as a nominee.
Our Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee has reviewed the qualifications of the eight director nominees and has recommended the election of the eight directors recommended by the board.
Director Nominees' Principal Occupations, Business Experience, Qualifications and Directorships
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Name of Nominee     Committee Membership     Principal Occupation     Age     Director Since  
 Stacey Rauch     Compensation, Corporate Governance and Nominating (Chair)     Chair of the Board of Directors of Fiesta Restaurant Group; Non-Executive director of Land Securities Group, PLC, Ascena Retail Group, Inc., and Heidrick & Struggles, Inc.     61     2012  
 Sherrill Kaplan     Corporate Governance and Nominating     Head of Marketing and Sales at Zipcar; Director of Fiesta Restaurant Group     41     2018  
 Nicholas Daraviras     Corporate Governance and Nominating     Managing Director of Jefferies Financial Group Inc.; Director of Fiesta Restaurant Group     45     2011  
 Stephen P. Elker     Audit (Chair), Corporate Governance and Nominating     Director of Fiesta Restaurant Group; Director of various private-held companies in the finance and payments industries     68     2012  
 Brian P. Friedman     Compensation     President and a director of Jefferies Financial Group Inc.; Director of Homefed Corporation; Director of Fiesta Restaurant Group     63     2011  
 Nicholas P. Shepherd     Compensation, Audit     Board of Directors and Chairman of the Nominating & Corporate Governance Committee of Spirit Realty Capital, Inc.; Director of Fiesta Restaurant Group     60     2017  
 Paul E. Twohig     Compensation (Chair), Audit     Director of Fiesta Restaurant Group     65     2017  
 Richard C. Stockinger     None     Chief Executive Officer, President and Director of Fiesta Restaurant Group     60     2017  
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Stacey Rauch (Chair) Director since 2012 Age: 61     With her public company board experience and distinguished career working with retailers, wholesalers and manufacturers during her 24 years at McKinsey & Company, Inc., Ms. Rauch brings to our board substantial expertise in business strategy, marketing, merchandising and operations in the retail industry.  
 Committee Membership:     Biography:  
• Compensation• Corporate Governance and Nominating (Chair)     Stacey Rauch has served as the non-executive Chairman of the board of directors of Fiesta Restaurant Group since February 2017 and as a director of Fiesta Restaurant Group since 2012. Ms. Rauch is a Director (Senior Partner) Emeritus of McKinsey & Company, Inc. from which she retired in September 2010. Ms. Rauch was a leader in McKinsey's Retail and Consumer Goods Practices, served as the head of the North American Retail and Apparel Practice, and acted as the Global Retail Practice Convener. A 24-year veteran of McKinsey, Ms. Rauch led engagements for a wide range of retailers, apparel wholesalers, and consumer goods manufacturers in the United States and internationally. Ms. Rauch is also a non-Executive director of Land Securities Group, PLC, the UK's largest commercial property company, where she sits on its Audit, Nomination and Remuneration Committees, Ascena Retail Group, Inc., a leading national women's and girls' specialty apparel retailer, where she sits on the Audit Committee and chairs the Leadership and Corporate Governance Committee, and Heidrick & Struggles, Inc., the premier provider of senior-level executive search and leadership consulting services, where she sits on the Audit and Finance Committee. Previously, Ms. Rauch served on the board of directors of CEB, Inc. a leading member-based advisory company, Ann, Inc., a women's specialty apparel retailer, and, Tops Holding Corporation, the parent company of Tops Markets LLC, a US grocery retailer.  
• Compensation• Corporate Governance and Nominating (Chair)     Stacey Rauch has served as the non-executive Chairman of the board of directors of Fiesta Restaurant Group since February 2017 and as a director of Fiesta Restaurant Group since 2012. Ms. Rauch is a Director (Senior Partner) Emeritus of McKinsey & Company, Inc. from which she retired in September 2010. Ms. Rauch was a leader in McKinsey's Retail and Consumer Goods Practices, served as the head of the North American Retail and Apparel Practice, and acted as the Global Retail Practice Convener. A 24-year veteran of McKinsey, Ms. Rauch led engagements for a wide range of retailers, apparel wholesalers, and consumer goods manufacturers in the United States and internationally. Ms. Rauch is also a non-Executive director of Land Securities Group, PLC, the UK's largest commercial property company, where she sits on its Audit, Nomination and Remuneration Committees, Ascena Retail Group, Inc., a leading national women's and girls' specialty apparel retailer, where she sits on the Audit Committee and chairs the Leadership and Corporate Governance Committee, and Heidrick & Struggles, Inc., the premier provider of senior-level executive search and leadership consulting services, where she sits on the Audit and Finance Committee. Previously, Ms. Rauch served on the board of directors of CEB, Inc. a leading member-based advisory company, Ann, Inc., a women's specialty apparel retailer, and, Tops Holding Corporation, the parent company of Tops Markets LLC, a US grocery retailer.  
 Nicholas Daraviras Director since 2011 Age: 45     Mr. Daraviras brings significant experience with the strategic, financial and operational issues of retail and consumer companies in connection with his service on the boards of a number of his firm's portfolio companies over time.  
 Committee Membership:     Biography:  
• Corporate Governance and Nominating     Nicholas Daraviras has served as a director of Fiesta Restaurant Group since April 2011. Mr. Daraviras has been a Managing Director of Jefferies Financial Group f/k/a Leucadia National Corporation ("Jefferies") since 2014. From 1996 through 2014, Mr. Daraviras was employed with Jefferies Capital Partners LLC ("Jefferies Capital Partners") or its predecessors. He serves on several boards of directors of private portfolio companies of Jefferies and he is also an officer of certain Jefferies related entities.   
 Stephen P. Elker Director since 2012 Age: 68     Mr. Elker, with over 36 years of experience with KPMG LLP, brings to our board of directors' extensive knowledge of accounting and tax practices that strengthens our board of directors' collective knowledge, capabilities and experience.  
 Committee Membership:     Biography:  
• Audit (Chair)• Corporate Governance and Nominating     Stephen P. Elker has served as a director of Fiesta Restaurant Group since May 7, 2012. Until 2009, Mr. Elker spent over 36 years with KPMG LLP, the U.S. member firm of KPMG International, beginning in its Washington D.C. office, and then with offices in Rochester, New York and Orlando, Florida. In 1999, Mr. Elker was appointed as managing partner of the Orlando office and served as partner in charge of the Florida business tax practice from 2001 to 2009. Mr. Elker also served as a member of the Nominating Committee and Strategy Committee of KPMG. During his career with KPMG, Mr. Elker led engagements for several hospitality and retail clients including large, multi-unit restaurant companies. Mr. Elker is a certified public accountant and recently served as an independent director and Chairman of the Audit Committee of CNL Growth Properties, Inc., a public, non-traded real estate investment trust. Mr. Elker also serves on the board of directors of a privately held company in the payments industry.  
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Brian P. Friedman Director since 2011 Age: 63     Having an extensive career in the legal, investment banking, investment and management fields, Mr. Friedman brings to our board of directors significant experience related to the business and financial issues facing public corporations and businesses generally. In addition, through Mr. Friedman's service on the boards of a number of his firm's portfolio companies over time, he combines significant executive experience with his knowledge of the strategic, financial and operational issues of restaurant companies.  
 Committee Membership:     Biography:  
• Compensation     Brian P. Friedman has served as a director of Fiesta Restaurant Group since April 2011. Mr. Friedman has been the President and a director of Jefferies Financial Group Inc. f/k/a Leucadia National Corporation, which owns 3,786,621 shares or 13.9% of our common stock as of March 4, 2019) since March 1, 2013, a director and executive officer of Jefferies Group LLC since July 2005, Chairman of the Executive Committee of Jefferies LLC since 2002 and President of Jefferies Capital Partners LLC and its predecessors since 1997. Mr. Friedman was previously employed by Furman Selz LLC and its successors, including serving as Head of Investment Banking and a member of its Management and Operating Committees. Prior to his 17 years with Furman Selz and its successors, Mr. Friedman was an attorney with the law firm of Wachtell Lipton Rosen & Katz. Mr. Friedman serves on boards of directors/managers of Jefferies Financial Group Inc.'s and Jefferies Capital Partners LLC's private subsidiaries and investee companies. Mr. Friedman has also served on the board of HomeFed Corporation (majority-owned by Jefferies Financial Group Inc.) since April 2014 and Epic Gas Ltd. since December 2012.  
 Sherrill Kaplan Director since 2018 Age: 41     With her broad experience as a marketing executive at Zipcar and Dunkin' Brands, Ms. Kaplan brings substantial retail and restaurant expertise in marketing and brand management, particularly with respect to social media, loyalty, mobile and digital platforms, to our board of directors.  
 Committee Membership:     Biography:  
• Corporate Governance and Nominating (effective February 25, 2019)     Sherrill Kaplan has served as a director of Fiesta Restaurant Group since November 2018. Ms. Kaplan has served as the Head of Marketing and Sales at Zipcar, Inc. ("Zipcar"), a subsidiary of Avis Budget Group, Inc., since August 2018. Ms. Kaplan also served as Vice President, Digital Marketing and Innovation at Dunkin' Brands Group, Inc. ("Dunkin' Brands") from 2011 to 2018. Ms. Kaplan has also served as a member of the Consumer Advisory Board of American Express Company since March 2015.   
 Nicholas P. Shepherd Director since 2017 Age: 60     Mr. Shepherd, as former President and Chief Executive Officer of TGI Friday's, Inc., brings significant leadership, management, operational, financial, marketing, franchising, brand management and public company board experience to the Board.  
 Committee Membership:     Biography:  
• Compensation• Audit (effective February 25, 2019)     Nicholas P. Shepherd has served as a director of Fiesta Restaurant Group since April 2017. Mr. Shepherd served as Chief Executive Officer and President of TGI Friday's, Inc. (formerly known as Carlson Restaurants Worldwide Inc.) from 2009 until 2015. From 2008 until 2009, Mr. Shepherd served as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Sagittarius Brands, Inc., a private restaurant holding company, which owned and operated the Del Taco and Captain D's restaurant brands. From 1995 until 2007, Mr. Shepherd served in several capacities at Blockbuster, Inc., including serving as Chief Operating Officer during 2007, President of Blockbuster North American from 2004 to 2007, Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing and Merchandising Officer from 2001 until 2004, Senior Vice President International from 1998 until 2001 and Vice President and General Manager from 1995 until 1999. Mr. Shepherd currently serves on the Board of Directors and as Chairman of the Nominating & Corporate Governance Committee of Spirit Realty Capital, Inc., a publicly traded real estate investment trust.  
• Compensation• Audit (effective February 25, 2019)     Nicholas P. Shepherd has served as a director of Fiesta Restaurant Group since April 2017. Mr. Shepherd served as Chief Executive Officer and President of TGI Friday's, Inc. (formerly known as Carlson Restaurants Worldwide Inc.) from 2009 until 2015. From 2008 until 2009, Mr. Shepherd served as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Sagittarius Brands, Inc., a private restaurant holding company, which owned and operated the Del Taco and Captain D's restaurant brands. From 1995 until 2007, Mr. Shepherd served in several capacities at Blockbuster, Inc., including serving as Chief Operating Officer during 2007, President of Blockbuster North American from 2004 to 2007, Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing and Merchandising Officer from 2001 until 2004, Senior Vice President International from 1998 until 2001 and Vice President and General Manager from 1995 until 1999. Mr. Shepherd currently serves on the Board of Directors and as Chairman of the Nominating & Corporate Governance Committee of Spirit Realty Capital, Inc., a publicly traded real estate investment trust.  
 Paul E. Twohig Director since 2017 Age: 65     With over 30 years of experience in the restaurant industry, Mr. Twohig brings to our board of directors significant leadership, management, operational, financial, marketing and franchising experience.  
 Committee Membership:     Biography:  
• Audit• Compensation (Chair)     Paul E. Twohig has served as a director of Fiesta Restaurant Group since February 2017. Mr. Twohig is a global retail and food service senior executive with demonstrated success leading some of the world's most prominent brands. In October 2018, Mr. Twohig was appointed as the President of MOD Super Fast Pizza Holdings, LLC ("MOD Pizza") after previously serving as Chief Operating Officer of MOD Pizza from July 2017 until October 2018. From 2009 until 2017, Mr. Twohig served as President of Dunkin Donuts, U.S. and Canada. He was a member of the senior executive team that completed Dunkin Donuts' initial public offering in 2011. Previously, Mr. Twohig held several senior executive roles with Starbucks Corporation, including Vice President and General Manager, U.K., and Senior Vice President, Eastern Division. Additionally, Mr. Twohig served as Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President at Panera Bread Company. His governance experience includes serving as a member of the Board of Directors for Dentistry for Children from 2011 to 2014, and for Solantic Urgent Care, Inc. from 2007 to 2011.  
• Audit• Compensation (Chair)     Paul E. Twohig has served as a director of Fiesta Restaurant Group since February 2017. Mr. Twohig is a global retail and food service senior executive with demonstrated success leading some of the world's most prominent brands. In October 2018, Mr. Twohig was appointed as the President of MOD Super Fast Pizza Holdings, LLC ("MOD Pizza") after previously serving as Chief Operating Officer of MOD Pizza from July 2017 until October 2018. From 2009 until 2017, Mr. Twohig served as President of Dunkin Donuts, U.S. and Canada. He was a member of the senior executive team that completed Dunkin Donuts' initial public offering in 2011. Previously, Mr. Twohig held several senior executive roles with Starbucks Corporation, including Vice President and General Manager, U.K., and Senior Vice President, Eastern Division. Additionally, Mr. Twohig served as Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President at Panera Bread Company. His governance experience includes serving as a member of the Board of Directors for Dentistry for Children from 2011 to 2014, and for Solantic Urgent Care, Inc. from 2007 to 2011.  
 Richard C. Stockinger Director since 2017 Age: 60     Mr. Stockinger, as Chief Executive Officer and President of Fiesta Restaurant Group, and with over three decades of experience as a senior executive officer and as a director of several restaurant companies, brings significant leadership, management, operational, financial, marketing, franchising, brand management and public company board experience to the Board. In particular, Mr. Stockinger brings valuable experience in brand revitalization and shareholder value creation.  
 Committee Membership:     Biography:  
 None     Richard "Rich" Stockinger has served as a director of Fiesta Restaurant Group since April 2017, and has been Chief Executive Officer and President of Fiesta Restaurant Group since February 2017. Previously, he served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Benihana, Inc. ("Benihana") from 2009 until 2014, as a member of the Board of Directors of Benihana from 2008 until 2014, as a member of the Audit Committee of Benihana from 2008 until 2009, and as Chairman of the Board of Directors of Benihana from 2010 until 2012. Mr. Stockinger has significant experience in successful strategic turnarounds and shareholder value creation. During his tenure as President and CEO of Benihana, the stock of Benihana rose from $1.88 per share to $16.30 per share over a period of three years. Prior to joining Benihana, Mr. Stockinger spent more than two decades at The Patina Restaurant Group, LLC in New York and its predecessor, Restaurant Associates, Inc. ("RA"), during which time he served in various senior executive capacities, including as President from 2003 until 2008 and as a director from 1998 until 2006. In addition to his roles at Patina and RA, Mr. Stockinger was involved in the turnaround of several other successful restaurant companies including Au Bon Pain, California Pizza Kitchen, Acapulco Restaurants, El Torito Restaurants, Smith & Wollensky and Chevy's. Most recently, Mr. Stockinger served as a consultant to Bruckmann, Rosser, Sherrill & Co., a private equity firm, from 2014 until 2017, and Not Your Average Joes, a private restaurant company where Mr. Stockinger also serves as a member of its board of directors.  
[END TABLE]
 Board Skills Assessment
The Board Skills assessment below illustrates the key skills that our board has identified as particularly valuable to the effective oversight of the Company and our strategy. This highlights the depth and breadth of skills possessed by current directors.
Information Regarding Executive Officers
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Name of Officer     Age     Position  
 Richard Stockinger     60     Chief Executive Officer and President  
 Cheri Kinder     51     Interim Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer, Treasurer, Vice President, Corporate Controller  
 Danny K. Meisenheimer     59     Senior Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and President of Pollo Tropical*  
 Louis DiPietro     47     Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary  
 Anthony Dinkins     52     Senior Vice President of Human Resources  
 Charles Locke     51     President of Taco Cabana  
[END TABLE]
____________
*        On March 20, 2019, the Company announced that Mr. Meisenheimer will no longer serve as Senior Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and President of Pollo Tropical effective May 1, 2019.
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Richard C. Stockinger Age: 60     Biography:  
 Chief Executive Officer and President     For biographical information regarding Richard C. Stockinger, please see page 9 of this Proxy Statement.  
 Cheri Kinder Age: 51     Biography:  
 Interim Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer     Cheri Kinder has been Interim Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Fiesta Restaurant Group since January 25, 2019 upon the effective date of Lynn Schweinfurth's resignation as our Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Ms. Kinder, has also served as the Vice President, Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer of Fiesta Restaurant Group since 2016 and previously served as the Director of External Reporting of Fiesta Restaurant Group from 2013 to 2016.   
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Danny K. Meisenheimer Age: 59     Biography:  
 Senior Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, President of Pollo Tropical     Danny K. Meisenheimer has served as Fiesta Restaurant Group's Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer since February 2017, President of Pollo Tropical since October 16, 2017 and formerly served as our Interim Chief Executive Officer and President from September 2016 until February 2017. On March 20, 2019, the Company announced that Mr. Meisenheimer will no longer serve as Senior Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and President of Pollo Tropical effective May 1, 2019. Mr. Meisenheimer has also served as Pollo Tropical's Vice President and Chief Operating Officer from February 2013 until September 2016, the Interim Chief Operating Officer from September 2012 until February 2013 and as Chief Brand Officer from April 2012 until September 2012. Mr. Meisenheimer was Chief Operating Officer at Souper Salad, Inc. from 2010 until 2012 and Chief Brand Officer at Souper Salad, Inc. from 2008 until 2010. Mr. Meisenheimer was Vice President, Brand Management at Pizza Inn, Inc. from 2005 until 2008.  
 Louis DiPietro Age: 47     Biography:  
 Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary     Louis DiPietro has served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of Fiesta Restaurant Group since December 2018. Mr. DiPietro served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of Panera Bread Company ("Panera") from November 2014 until October 2018. Prior to serving as General Counsel, Mr. DiPietro served as VP, Deputy General Counsel from January 2008 to November 2014. During Mr. DiPietro's 12-year career at Panera, he held several roles of increasing responsibility in the legal department.   
 Anthony Dinkins Age: 52     Biography:  
 Senior Vice President of Human Resources     Anthony Dinkins has served as Senior Vice President of Human Resources of Fiesta Restaurant Group since September 2017. From May 2015 to June 2017, Mr. Dinkins served as Senior Vice President of Human Resources at Cable & Wireless Communications ("C&W"). Prior to joining C&W, Mr. Dinkins held a number of senior human resources positions for well-known companies such as Carnival Corporation from 2012 to 2015, Citrix Systems, Inc. from 2006 to 2012, Avaya and Lucent Technologies, Inc. from 1996 to 2006.  
 Charles Locke Age: 51     Biography:  
 President of Taco Cabana     Charles Locke has served as President of Taco Cabana since October 2017. From August 2008 to October 2017, Mr. Locke served as Chief Operating Officer of Anthony's Coal Fired Pizza. From 2003 to 2008, Mr. Locke served as an area developer for Family Sports Concepts, Inc. and grew its Beef O'Brady's sports-themed concept through franchisees. Mr. Locke started his career at S&A Restaurant Group serving in various leadership roles in connection with its Bennigan's restaurant brand.  
[END TABLE]
 Information Regarding the Board of Directors and Committees
Director Attendance
During the fiscal year ended December 30, 2018, our board of directors met or acted by unanimous consent on ten occasions. During the fiscal year ended December 30, 2018, each of the directors who were on the board attended more than 85% of the aggregate number of meetings of the board of directors and of any committees of the board of directors on which they served. We do not have a policy on attendance by directors at our Annual Meeting of Shareholders. All of our directors attended our 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, except for Nicholas Shepherd.
Independence of Directors
As required by the listing standards of NASDAQ, a majority of the members of our board of directors must qualify as "independent," as affirmatively determined by our board of directors. Our board of directors determines director independence based on an analysis of such listing standards and all relevant securities and other laws and regulations regarding the definition of "independent."
Consistent with these considerations, after review of all relevant transactions and relationships between each director, any of his or her family members, and us, our executive officers and our independent registered public accounting firm, the board of directors has affirmatively determined that, other than Mr. Stockinger, all of the members of our board of directors are independent pursuant to NASDAQ.
Committees of the Board
The standing committees of our board of directors consist of an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee and a Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee. Our board of directors may also establish from time to time any other committees that it deems necessary or advisable.
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Audit Committee     Members: Elker, Twohig, Shepherd (effective February 25, 2019) and Alperin  
 Chair:     Key Responsibilities:  
 Stephen P. Elker (Financial      
 Expert)• Reviews our annual and interim financial statements and reports to be filed with the SEC;  
• Monitors our financial reporting process and internal control system;  
• Appoints and replaces our independent outside auditors from time to time, determines their compensation and other terms of engagement and oversees their work;  
• Oversees the performance of our internal audit function;  
• Conducts a review of all related party transactions for potential conflicts of interest and approves all such related party transactions;  
• Establishes procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters and the confidential anonymous submission by employees of concerns regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters; and  
• Oversees our compliance with legal, ethical and regulatory matters.  
[END TABLE]
All of the current members of the Audit Committee satisfy the independence requirements of Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act and Rule 5605 of the NASDAQ listing standards. Each member of our Audit Committee is financially literate. In addition, Mr. Elker serves as our Audit Committee "financial expert" within the meaning of Item 407 of Regulation S-K of the Securities Act and has the financial sophistication required under the NASDAQ listing standards.
The Audit Committee has the sole and direct responsibility for appointing, evaluating and retaining our independent registered public accounting firm and for overseeing their work. All audit services to be provided to us and all permissible non-audit services, other than de minimis non-audit services, to be provided to us by our independent registered public accounting firm are approved in advance by our Audit Committee. During the fiscal year ended December 30, 2018, the Audit Committee met or acted by unanimous consent on four occasions. The Audit Committee has adopted a formal written Audit Committee charter that complies with the requirements of the Exchange Act and the NASDAQ listing standards. A copy of the Audit Committee charter is available on the investor relations section of our website at www.frgi.com. Audit Committee Report
The Company's management has the primary responsibility for the financial statements and the reporting process, including the Company's system of internal controls and disclosure controls and procedures. The independent registered public accounting firm audits the Company's financial statements and expresses an opinion on the financial statements based on their audit. The Audit Committee oversees on behalf of the board (i) the accounting, financial reporting, and internal control processes of the Company, and (ii) the audits of the financial statements and internal controls of the Company. The Audit Committee operates under a written charter adopted by the board.
The Audit Committee reviews and approves the internal audit plan once a year and receives periodic updates of internal audit activity in meetings held at least quarterly throughout the year. Updates include discussions of audit project results, as well as quarterly assessments of internal controls.
The Audit Committee has met and held discussions with management and Deloitte & Touche LLP ("Deloitte"), the Company's independent registered public accounting firm. Management represented to the Audit Committee that the Company's financial statements for the year ended December 30, 2018 were prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The Audit Committee reviewed and discussed the financial statements with both management and Deloitte. The Audit Committee reviewed with Deloitte such other matters as are required to be discussed with the Audit Committee under generally accepted auditing standards including the matters required to be discussed by Public Company Accounting Oversight Board ("PCAOB") Auditing Standard No. 1301 "Communication with Audit Committees". In addition the Audit Committee discussed with Deloitte the auditor's independence from management and the Company including the matters in the written disclosures and the letter from the independent auditors required by applicable requirements of the PCAOB regarding independent accountant's communication with the audit committee concerning independence.
The Audit Committee also discussed with Deloitte the overall scope and plans for the audit. The Audit Committee met with Deloitte both with and without management, to discuss the results of their examination, the evaluation of the Company's internal controls and the overall quality of the Company's financial reporting.
Management has completed its annual documentation, testing, and evaluation of the Company's system of internal control over financial reporting in response to the requirements set forth in Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and related regulations. The Audit Committee continues to oversee the Company's efforts related to its internal controls.
Based on the foregoing, we have recommended to the board of directors that the Company's audited financial statements be included in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 30, 2018, for filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
[BEGIN TABLE]
     Audit Committee  
     Stephen P. Elker, Chairman  
     Barry J. Alperin  
     Paul Twohig  
     Nicholas P. Shepherd (effective February 25, 2019)  
 Compensation Committee     Members: Rauch, Friedman, Shepherd and Twohig  
 Chair:     Key Responsibilities:  
 Paul Twohig      
• Provides oversight on the development and implementation of the compensation programs for our executive officers and outside directors and disclosure relating to these matters; and  
• Reviews and approves the compensation of our Chief Executive Officer and our executive officers  
[END TABLE]
The processes and procedures by which the Compensation Committee considers and determines executive officer compensation and outside directors' compensation are described in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis included in this Proxy Statement. During the 2018 fiscal year, the Compensation Committee again retained Pearl Meyer & Partners, LLC, which we refer to as "Pearl Meyer", to review the Company's compensation policies,  plans, and amounts for the CEO and other executive officers, including the Named Executive Officers. The role of Pearl Meyer in determining or recommending the amount or form of executive and director compensation, the nature and scope of Pearl Meyer's assignment and the material elements of the instructions or directions given to Pearl Meyer with respect to the performance of their duties under the engagement are described in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis included in this Proxy Statement. We believe that the use of an independent compensation consultant provides additional assurance that our compensation programs are reasonable and consistent with our goals and objectives. The Compensation Committee may form one or more subcommittees, each of which shall take such actions as shall be delegated by the Compensation Committee. All of the members of our Compensation Committee are "independent" as defined under Rule 5605 of the NASDAQ listing standards. The Compensation Committee has adopted a formal, written Compensation Committee charter that complies with SEC rules and regulations and the NASDAQ listing standards. During the fiscal year ended December 30, 2018, the Compensation Committee met or acted by unanimous consent on five occasions. A copy of the Compensation Committee charter is available on the investor relations section of our website at www.frgi.com.
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee     Members: Rauch, Elker, Daraviras and Kaplan (effective February 25, 2019)*  
 Chair:     Key Responsibilities:  
 Stacey Rauch      
• Establishes criteria for board and committee membership and recommends to our board of directors proposed nominees for election to the board of directors and for membership on committees of the board of directors;  
• Makes recommendations regarding proposals submitted by our shareholders; and  
• Makes recommendations to our board of directors regarding corporate governance matters and practices.  
[END TABLE]
____________
*        Mr. Shepherd was a member of the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee until February 25, 2019.
All of the members of our Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee are "independent" as defined under Rule 5605 of the NASDAQ listing standards. The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee has adopted a formal written Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee charter that complies with SEC rules and regulations and the NASDAQ listing standards. During the fiscal year ended December 30, 2018, the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee met or acted by unanimous consent on six occasions. A copy of the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee charter is available on the investor relations section of our website at www.frgi.com.
Since our 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee has focused on the following initiatives:
• Conducted a national search for a new Board member which resulted in the appointment of a new board member in November 2018
• Fully implemented policies adopted in 2018, including mandatory director retirement and declassified board
• Updated our processes for evaluating board and committee effectiveness and performance
Nominations for the Board of Directors
The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee of the board of directors considers director candidates based upon a number of qualifications. The qualifications for consideration as a director nominee vary according to the particular area of expertise being sought as a complement to the existing composition of the board. At a minimum, however, the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee seeks candidates for director who possess:
• the highest personal and professional ethics, integrity and values;
• the ability to exercise sound judgment;• the ability to make independent analytical inquiries;
• willingness and ability to devote adequate time, energy, and resources to diligently perform board and board committee duties and responsibilities; and
• a commitment to representing the long-term interests of the shareholders.
In addition to such minimum qualifications, the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee takes into account the following factors when considering a potential director candidate:
• whether the individual possesses specific industry expertise and familiarity with general issues affecting our business; and
• whether the person would qualify as an "independent" director under SEC and NASDAQ rules.
The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee has not adopted a specific diversity policy with respect to identifying nominees for director. However, the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee takes into account the importance of diversified board membership in terms of the individuals involved and their various experiences and areas of expertise.
The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee shall make every effort to ensure that the board and its committees include at least the required number of independent directors, as that term is defined by applicable standards promulgated by NASDAQ and/or the SEC. Backgrounds giving rise to actual or perceived conflicts of interest are undesirable. In addition, prior to nominating an existing director for election to the board, the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee will consider and review such existing director's board and committee attendance and performance, independence, experience, skills, and the contributions that the existing director brings to the board.
The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee has relied upon third-party search firms to identify director candidates, and may continue to employ such firms in the future if so desired. The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee also relies upon, receives and reviews recommendations from a wide variety of contacts, including current executive officers, directors, community leaders, and shareholders as a source for potential director candidates. The board retains complete independence in making nominations for election to the board.
The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee will consider qualified director candidates recommended by shareholders in compliance with our procedures and subject to applicable inquiries. The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee's evaluation of candidates recommended by shareholders does not differ materially from its evaluation of candidates recommended from other sources. Pursuant to our Bylaws, any shareholder may recommend nominees for director not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days in advance of the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting of shareholders (provided that if the date of the current year's annual meeting of shareholders is advanced by more than 30 days, or delayed by more than 70 days from the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting of shareholders, any shareholder may recommend nominees for director not more than 120 days in advance of the date of the current year's annual meeting of shareholders and not less than the close of business on the later of the 90th day prior to the date of the current year's annual meeting of shareholders or the 10th day following the date of the public announcement of the date of the current year's annual meeting of shareholders), by writing to Louis DiPietro, Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, Fiesta Restaurant Group, Inc., 14800 Landmark Boulevard, Suite 500, Dallas, Texas 75254, giving the name, Company stockholdings and contact information of the person making the nomination, the candidate's name, address and other contact information, any direct or indirect holdings of our securities by the nominee, any information required to be disclosed about directors under applicable securities laws and/or stock exchange requirements, information regarding related party transactions with us, the nominee and/or the shareholder submitting the nomination, any actual or potential conflicts of interest, the nominee's biographical data, current public and private company affiliations, employment history and qualifications and status as "independent" under applicable securities laws and/or stock exchange requirements. All of these communications will be reviewed by our Secretary and forwarded to Stacey Rauch, the Chairman of the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee, or her successor, for further review and consideration in accordance with this policy. Any such shareholder recommendation should be accompanied by a written statement from the candidate of his or her consent to be named as a candidate and, if nominated and elected, to serve as a director. Board Leadership Structure and Role in Risk Oversight
Board Leadership
Our board of directors believes that our current model of separate individuals serving as Chairman of the board of directors and as Chief Executive Officer is the appropriate leadership structure for us at this time. The board of directors believes that each of the possible leadership structures for a board has its particular advantages and disadvantages, which must be considered in the context of the specific circumstances, culture and challenges facing a company. The Company does not have a member of our board of directors who is formally identified as the "lead independent director." However, the board of directors has determined that having an independent director serve as Chairman of the board of directors is in the best interest of our shareholders at this time. This structure ensures a greater role for the independent directors in the oversight of Fiesta Restaurant Group, active participation of the independent directors in setting agendas and establishing the board of directors' priorities and procedures, including with respect to our corporate governance.
Risk Oversight
Our board administers its risk oversight function directly and through its Audit Committee and receives regular reports from members of senior management on areas of material risk to the Company, including operational, financial, legal and regulatory, strategic and reputational risks. Our Audit Committee regularly discusses with management our major risk exposures, their potential financial impact on our Company and the steps we take to manage them. In addition, our Compensation Committee assists the board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities with respect to the management of risks arising from our compensation policies and programs and succession planning for our executive officers. Our Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee assists the board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities with respect to the management of risks associated with board organization, membership and structure, succession planning for our directors and corporate governance.
Some risks, particularly those relating to potential operating liabilities, the protection against physical loss or damage to our facilities, cybersecurity and the possibility of business interruption resulting from a large loss event, are contained and managed by legal contracts of insurance. Our insurance contracts are reviewed, managed and procured by our Risk Management and Legal departments along with our Chief Financial Officer to optimize their completeness and efficacy. We also have a Risk Committee that meets periodically throughout the year to develop and oversee our risk management program. The Risk Committee's responsibilities include identifying our exposures, developing a risk control program, and establishing a risk financing strategy. Periodic presentations are made to the board to identify and discuss risks and the mitigation of risk.
Risk Considerations in Executive Compensation 
Our Compensation Committee regularly considers risk as it relates to our compensation programs, including our executive compensation program, and our Compensation Committee does not believe that our compensation programs encourage excessive or inappropriate risk taking. As described more fully below in "Compensation Discussion and Analysis," we structure our executive compensation program to consist of both fixed and variable compensation. The fixed (or salary) portion of compensation is designed to provide a steady income regardless of our stock price performance so that executives do not feel pressured to focus exclusively on stock price performance to the detriment of other important business metrics. The variable (cash bonus and equity) portions of compensation are designed to reward both intermediate- and long-term corporate performance and generally are tied to the achievement of company-wide and, in some instances, brand-specific goals. We believe that applying company-wide metrics encourages decision-making by our executives that is in the best long-term interest of our Company and stockholders. Further, we believe that these variable elements of compensation constitute a sufficient portion of overall compensation to motivate our executives to produce short-, intermediate- and long-term corporate results, while the fixed element of compensation is sufficient that our executives are not encouraged to take unnecessary or excessive risks in doing so. Codes of Ethics
We have adopted written codes of ethics applicable to our directors, officers, and employees in accordance with the rules of the SEC and the NASDAQ listing standards. With respect to our Code of Ethics for Executives and Principal Financial Employees, our policy requires covered employees to execute an annual certification confirming that they understand and will comply with the Code. We make our codes of ethics available on the investor relations section of our website at www.frgi.com. We will disclose on our website amendments to, or waivers from, our codes of ethics in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations.
Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance
Based upon a review of the filings furnished to us pursuant to Rule 16a-3(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act, and on representations from our executive officers and directors and persons, if any, who beneficially own more than 10% of our common stock, all filing requirements of Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act were complied with in a timely manner during the fiscal year ended December 30, 2018, other than the Statement of Changes of Beneficial Ownership on Form 4 filed by Paul E Twohig on August 7, 2018 reporting the disposal of shares of our common stock on March 8, 2018.
Shareholder Communications with the Board of Directors
Any shareholder or other interested party who desires to communicate with our Chairman of the board of directors or any of the other members of the board of directors may do so by writing to: Board of Directors, c/o Stacey Rauch, Chairman of the Board of Directors, Fiesta Restaurant Group, Inc., 14800 Landmark Boulevard, Suite 500, Dallas, Texas 75254. Communications may be addressed to the Chairman of the board, an individual director, a board committee, the non-management directors, or the full board. Communications will then be distributed to the appropriate directors unless the Chairman determines that the information submitted constitutes "spam," offensive or inappropriate material, and/or communications offering to buy or sell products or services. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
The following table provides information regarding beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 4, 2019 by:
• each person known by us to beneficially own more than 5% of all outstanding shares of our common stock;
• each of our directors, nominees for director, and Named Executive Officers (as set forth in "Executive Compensation-Summary Compensation Table" herein) individually; and
• all of our directors and executive officers as a group.
27,167,117 shares of our common stock were outstanding on March 4, 2019.
Except as otherwise indicated, to our knowledge, all persons listed below have sole voting power and investment power and record and beneficial ownership of their shares, other than to the extent that authority is shared by spouses under applicable law.
The information contained in this table reflects "beneficial ownership" as defined in Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act. Except as otherwise indicated, the address for each beneficial owner is c/o Fiesta Restaurant Group, Inc., 14800 Landmark Boulevard, Suite 500, Dallas, Texas 75254.
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner     Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership     Percent of Class  
 T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc.(1)     4,384,155     16.1%  
 T. Rowe Price New Horizons Fund, Inc.(1)     1,815,144     6.7%  
 BlackRock Inc.(2)     3,449,038     12.7%  
 Jefferies Financial Group Inc.(3)     3,786,621     13.9%  
 The Vanguard Group, Inc.(4)     2,250,554     8.3%  
 Dimensional Fund Advisors LP(5)     1,603,619     5.9%  
 Richard C. Stockinger     88,190     *      
 Lynn S. Schweinfurth(6)     100,979     *      
 Danny K. Meisenheimer(7)     47,164     *      
 Maria C. Mayer(8)     6,017     *      
 Anthony Dinkins     11,562     *      
 Charles Locke     15,256     *      
 Stacey Rauch     25,332     *      
 Nicholas P. Shepherd     11,268     *      
 Paul E. Twohig     13,199     *      
 Barry J. Alperin     22,738     *      
 Stephen P. Elker     22,423     *      
 Brian P. Friedman(9)     68,510     *      
 Nicholas Daraviras     18,770     *      
 Sherrill Kaplan     5,190     *      
 All directors and executive officers as a group(10)     374,414     1.4%  
[END TABLE]
____________
*        Less than one percent
(1)      Information was obtained from a Schedule 13G/A filed on February 14, 2019 with the SEC. T. Row Price Associates, Inc. ("T. Rowe Price Associates") beneficially owns our shares as follows: (a) Sole Voting Power: 710,804 (b) Shared Voting Power: 0, (c) Sole Dispositive Power: 4,384,155 and (d) Shared Dispositive Power: 0. T. Rowe Price New Horizons Fund, Inc. ("T. Rowe Price New Horizons") beneficially owns our shares as follows: (a) Sole Voting Power: 1,815,144 (b) Shared Voting Power: 0, (c) Sole Dispositive Power: 0 and (d) Shared Dispositive Power: 0. The address of the principal office of each of T. Rowe Price Associates and T. Rowe Price New Horizons is 100 E. Pratt Street, Baltimore, Maryland 21202. (2)      Information was obtained from a Schedule 13G/A filed on January 28, 2019 with the SEC. The address for BlackRock Inc. is 55 East 52nd Street, New York, New York 10055.
(3)      Information was obtained from a Statement of Changes in Beneficial Ownership on Form 4 filed on November 28, 2018 with the SEC. The address for Jefferies is 520 Madison Avenue, New York, New York.
(4)      Information was obtained from a Schedule 13G filed on February 11, 2019 with the SEC. The address for The Vanguard Group, Inc. is 100 Vanguard Blvd. Malvern, PA 19355.
(5)      Information was obtained from a Schedule 13G filed on February 8, 2019 with the SEC (the "Dimensional Fund Advisors Schedule 13G"). Dimensional Fund Advisors LP, an investment adviser registered under Section 203 of the Investment Advisors Act of 1940, furnishes investment advice to four investment companies registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, and serves as investment manager or sub-adviser to certain other commingled funds, group trusts and separate accounts (such investment companies, trusts and accounts, collectively referred to as the "Dimensional Funds"). In certain cases, subsidiaries of Dimensional Fund Advisors LP may act as an adviser or sub-adviser to certain Dimensional Funds. In its role as investment advisor, sub-adviser and/or manager, Dimensional Fund Advisors LP or its subsidiaries (collectively, "Dimensional") may possess voting and/or investment power over the securities of the Issuer that are owned by the Dimensional Funds, and may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of the shares of the Issuer held by the Dimensional Funds. However, all securities reported in the Dimensional Fund Advisors Schedule 13G are owned by the Dimensional Funds. Dimensional disclaims beneficial ownership of such securities. In addition, the filing of the Dimensional Fund Advisors Schedule 13G shall not be construed as an admission that the reporting person or any of its affiliates is the beneficial owner of any securities covered by this Schedule 13G for any other purposes than Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The address for Dimensional Fund Advisors LP is Building One, 6300 Bee Cave Road, Austin, Texas, 78746.
(6)      Ms. Schweinfurth served as our Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer until January 25, 2019. Information was obtained from a Statement of Changes in Beneficial Ownership on Form 4 filed March 7, 2018 with the SEC. The address of Ms. Schweinfurth is c/o Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc., 6312 S. Fiddler's Green Circle, Suite 200N, Greenwood Village, Colorado 80111.
(7)      On March 20, 2019, the Company announced that Mr. Meisenheimer will no longer serve as Senior Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and President of Pollo Tropical effective May 1, 2019.
(8)      Ms. Mayer served as our Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary until December 14, 2018. Information was obtained from a Statement of Changes in Beneficial Ownership on Form 4 filed March 7, 2018 with the SEC. The address of Ms. Mayer is 4500 N. Jefferson Avenue, Miami Beach, Florida 33140.
(9)      Includes 28,668 shares of common stock held by 2055 Partners L.P., which we refer to as "2055 Partners", and 39,842 shares of our common stock held directly by Mr. Friedman. Mr. Friedman is the President and a director of Jefferies. Mr. Friedman disclaims beneficial ownership over our shares held by Jefferies. Mr. Friedman is the general partner of 2055 Partners and, in such capacity, may be deemed to beneficially own the 28,668 shares of our Common Stock beneficially owned by 2055 Partners. The address of Mr. Friedman is c/o Jefferies, 520 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10022.
(10)    Includes 28,668 shares of Common Stock held by 2055 Partners as reported in footnote (8) above.
Equity Compensation Plan
The following table summarizes our 2012 Stock Incentive Plan, which is the equity compensation plan under which our common stock may be issued as of December 30, 2018. Our shareholders have approved the Plan.
[BEGIN TABLE]
     Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants, and rights     Weighted- average exercise price of outstanding options     Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans  
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders     —     —     1,615,389  
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders     —     —     —  
 Total     —     —     1,615,389  
[END TABLE]
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
Related Party Transaction Procedures
The board of directors has assigned responsibility for reviewing related party transactions to our Audit Committee. The board of directors and the Audit Committee have adopted a written policy pursuant to which certain transactions between us or our subsidiaries and any of our directors or executive officers must be submitted to the Audit Committee for consideration prior to the consummation of the transaction as required by the rules of the SEC. The Audit Committee reports to the board of directors on all related party transactions considered.
Family Relationships
There are no family relationships between any of our executive officers or directors. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Recent Corporate Governance Initiatives
Over the last few years, we adopted multiple structures to strengthen our board's independence, ensure robust risk oversight and enhance our Company's governance and executive compensation programs. The following table of corporate governance highlights is indicative of our commitment to shareholders and desire to ensure Fiesta implements best-in-class corporate governance features, appropriate for our evolving company.
Corporate Governance Highlights
Board Declassification (adopted in 2018)
Mandatory Director Retirement Age (adopted in 2018)
Independent Chair
Highly Independent Board
Majority Voting in Uncontested Elections
Board Refreshment — Two new Independent Directors in 2017; One new Independent Director in 2018
Shareholder Engagement Initiatives
The Company's board of directors, Compensation Committee, and management value the opinions of our shareholders. We are committed to being transparent with shareholders on all topics, including our business strategy, governance and compensation programs, and responsive to shareholder feedback provided. 
Based on feedback received during these meetings, as well as historical voting outcomes, we believe our shareholders are generally supportive of the Company's governance and compensation programs. Nevertheless, we believe these conversations with shareholders are invaluable and will continue to seek shareholder input on similar topics when making future board decisions.
Board Declassification
In 2018, our Board, with the approval of our shareholders, declassified our Board. This enhancement to our governance program is effective at the 2019 Annual Meeting.
Majority Voting
In response to strong shareholder support, in 2017, our Board, with the approval of our shareholders, adopted a majority vote standard in uncontested director elections. This enhancement to our governance program has been effective since the 2018 Annual Meeting and we believe this feature will provide shareholders with a more meaningful role in the outcome of uncontested director elections and encourage increased director accountability and oversight.
Mandatory Director Retirement Age
Our Board of directors also recently adopted a mandatory retirement policy, which provides that a person is not eligible for election as a director if they are older than 75 years of age. The policy also imposes a mandatory retirement age for incumbent directors, which precludes an incumbent director from seeking nomination for re-election to our board of directors if they have exceeded the age limit. We believe this policy will promote director refreshment and ensure the Fiesta board continues to enjoy the benefits associated with fresh, thoughtful perspectives.
Board Recruitment
Our Board conducted a national search for a Board member with skills which would complement the existing membership of the Board and which would provide the Company with valuable experience relevant for its Business. In November 2018, we appointed Sherrill Kaplan, an experienced marketing professional with experience in the restaurant and retail industries and with a focus on digital. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
Compensation Discussion and Analysis
The purpose of this Compensation Discussion & Analysis, which we refer to as the "CD&A", is to provide relevant information to shareholders regarding the Company's executive compensation processes, procedures, plan designs, and practices with respect to its executive officers named in the Summary Compensation Table, which we refer to each as a "Named Executive Officer" or "NEO", for 2018. The following are the Company's NEOs for 2018:
[BEGIN TABLE]
     2018 Named Executive Officers  
 Mr. Richard C. Stockinger     Chief Executive Officer and President; Director   
 Ms. Lynn S. Schweinfurth     Former Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer  (until January 25, 2019)   
 Mr. Danny K. Meisenheimer     Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer; President of Pollo Tropical; and Former Interim Chief Executive Officer and President*  
 Mr. Charles Locke     President of Taco Cabana  
 Mr. Anthony Dinkins     Senior Vice President of Human Resources  
 Ms. Maria C. Mayer     Former Senior Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary  (until December 14, 2018)  
[END TABLE]
____________
*        On March 20, 2019, the Company announced that Mr. Meisenheimer will no longer serve as Senior Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and President of Pollo Tropical effective May 1, 2019.
Executive Compensation: Context and Overview
Introduction
The Compensation Committee is committed to designing an executive compensation program that pays for delivering performance in a straightforward manner and promotes the recruitment and retention of our executives. Accordingly, the majority of the compensation for our NEOs is at-risk and based primarily on the Company's performance. Our Company incentivizes performance through a compensation program structure that reflects an appropriate mix of short-term and long-term vehicles. Accordingly, our executives will receive larger rewards when performance objectives are exceeded and conversely, will receive lower, or no rewards, when performance falls below targeted levels. The Compensation Committee continues to place a priority on refining our executive compensation program to align with Fiesta's business transformation and feedback received from our shareholders, as appropriate.
The Role of Shareholder Feedback and Vote Results
The Company's board of directors, Compensation Committee, and management value the opinions of the Company's shareholders. The Company is open to receiving feedback from shareholders, and currently provides shareholders with the opportunity to cast an advisory vote to approve NEO compensation every year, or Say-on-Pay. The Compensation Committee considers any feedback it receives from shareholders, as well as the outcome of the vote, when making compensation decisions for NEOs. For the Say-on-Pay proposal at the 2018 Annual Meeting, approximately 93% of the shares cast on the proposal were voted in favor of the proposal. The Compensation Committee believes that this evidences the Company's shareholders' support for its approach to executive compensation. The Compensation Committee will continue to consider shareholder feedback and the outcome of the Company's Say-on-Pay votes when making future compensation decisions for its NEOs.
2018 Outcomes Aligned with Performance
The Company's compensation results for 2018 were aligned with the Company's financial results for the year in that our CEO and NEOs did not receive an incentive bonus payout for 2018. We made significant progress against our Strategic Renewal Plan (the "Renewal Plan"). While our key metrics of SRS (comparable restaurant sales) and Adjusted EBITDA improved from 2017, they were negatively impacted by a variety of factors, including, among other things:
• Underperforming restaurants, 23 of which were closed in December 2018;
• Challenging market conditions impacting the restaurant industry; and
• Costs incurred to improve the quality and consistency of the guest experience including investments in enhanced food quality, hospitality and restaurant environment. We therefore failed to achieve the threshold levels for the key metrics established under our short-term incentive program, namely Adjusted EBITDA (50%) and SRS (50%) metrics. Additionally, the market based performance stock units issued to our CEO and the other NEOs did not vest in 2018 given that the underlying stock performance metrics were not met. 
2018 CEO Compensation
For 2018, our CEO's compensation is set forth below: 
Pay for performance is the most significant structural element of Fiesta's executive compensation program. As shown below for 2018, 70.3% percent of targeted CEO compensation was at risk and subject to performance.  Our 2018 performance and corresponding CEO short-term incentive bonus and long-term incentive achievement illustrates how our financial results are closely aligned with CEO compensation. Specifically, while our board and Compensation Committee recognized the significant positive contributions from our CEO in connection with the progress we made against the key initiatives underlying our Renewal Plan, our CEO did not receive an annual incentive bonus given that we did not achieve the performance levels established by our Compensation Committee pursuant to the short-term cash incentive program. Additionally, the threshold stock price for the initial performance stock unit tranche scheduled to vest in March 2018 was not met and therefore the underlying performance stock units were rolled over to subsequent performance periods in accordance with the terms of the performance stock unit award. 
Executive Compensation Philosophy
Fiesta's compensation philosophy is designed to strike an appropriate balance between aligning executive compensation with financial performance and promoting retention. We strongly believe that our compensation program is aligned with this compensation philosophy and that the at risk compensation components have delivered value and encouraged sustainable shareholder value creation.
Our executive compensation program is designed to achieve the following key objectives:
• Motivate executives to enhance long-term shareholder value
• Reinforce Fiesta's pay for performance culture by aligning executive compensation with Fiesta's business objectives and financial performance
• Provide competitive market compensation that allows Fiesta to attract and retain talented high-quality executives
• Use incentive compensation to promote desired behavior without encouraging unnecessary or excessive risk-taking
Executive Compensation Components
Base Salary
The Compensation Committee reviews and considers salary increases of our NEOs on an annual basis, taking into consideration factors such as the Company's compensation philosophy and strategy, the Company's performance, individual executive performance and tenure, internal equity among executives, and competitive market pay levels. 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Executive     2017  Annual Base Salary     2018  Annual Base Salary% Increase  
 Richard Stockinger     $   550,000     $   550,000     —      
 Lynn S. Schweinfurth(1)     $   352,000     $   370,000     5.1%  
 Danny K. Meisenheimer(2)     $   330,000     $   340,000     3.0%  
 Charles Locke     $   325,000     $   325,000     —      
 Anthony Dinkins     $   275,000     $   275,000     —      
 Maria C. Mayer(3)     $   325,000     $   325,000     —      
[END TABLE]
____________
(1)      Ms. Schweinfurth served as Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company until January 25, 2019.
(2)      On March 20, 2019, the Company announced that Mr. Meisenheimer will no longer serve as Senior Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and President of Pollo Tropical effective May 1, 2019.
(3)      Ms. Mayer was no longer employed with the Company effective December 14, 2018.
The board and the Compensation Committee approved a salary increase for Ms. Schweinfurth and Mr. Meisenheimer in an effort to remain competitive with companies with which we compete for executive talent and attract the essential executive talent we believe is necessary for us to achieve our goals and objectives. Short-Term Incentive
Beginning in 2018, the Company implemented a new short-term cash incentive program pursuant to which annual incentives were entirely formulaic based on financial results. The key metrics considered for purposes of determining whether an award is earned are Adjusted EBITDA (50%) and comparable restaurant sales (SRS) metrics (50%). The board determined to make this change given our expectation that we will have increased visibility into the business and our expected growth plan beginning in fiscal year 2018.
Based upon our results in 2018, while the Compensation Committee acknowledged the improved results in Adjusted EBITDA and SRS metrics, the Company did not achieve the threshold level set by the Compensation Committee for 2018 for Adjusted EBITDA or comparable restaurant sales metrics for each of Pollo Tropical and Taco Cabana and on an aggregated basis. As a result our CEO and the other NEOs did not receive a bonus for 2018. For fiscal 2018, the performance measures comprising our short-term cash incentive bonus, our actual achievement during the performance period performance outcome for each measure (as reported in our Annual Report on Form 10-K) for the 2018 fiscal year were as follows: 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Performance Measure     Threshold     Target     2018 Results% Payout  
 Company Adjusted EBITDA     $   73,523         $   81,692         $   67,962         0%  
 Company SRS         5.8%         6.4%         3.3%     0%  
 Pollo Tropical Adjusted EBITDA     $   56,887         $   63,208         $   54,903         0%  
 Pollo Tropical SRS         6.6%         7.3%         2.2%     0%  
 Taco Cabana Adjusted EBITDA     $   16,363         $   18,484         $   13,059         0%  
 Taco Cabana SRS         4.9%         5.4%         4.5%     0%  
[END TABLE]
Long-Term Incentive
The Company has adopted a long-term incentive program that provides the opportunity for annual equity grants to the NEOs pursuant to the 2012 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended, which we refer to as the "Plan". The purpose of the long-term incentive program is to align long-term pay with long-term performance goals by providing stock-based compensation that will reward executives for creating sustainable shareholder value. The following sets forth the target annual long-term incentive grant date value (based on the closing price of the common stock on the date of grant) for each NEO (other than the CEO) for 2018:
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Executive     Target  Long-Term Incentive  $ Value  
 Lynn S. Schweinfurth(1)     $   450,000  
 Danny K. Meisenheimer(2)     $   275,000  
 Charles Locke     $   225,500  
 Anthony Dinkins     $   190,000  
 Maria C. Mayer(3)     $   225,000  
[END TABLE]
____________
(1)      Ms. Schweinfurth served as Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company until January 25, 2019.
(2)      On March 20, 2019, the Company announced that Mr. Meisenheimer will no longer serve as Senior Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and President of Pollo Tropical effective May 1, 2019.
(3)      Ms. Mayer was no longer employed with the Company effective December 14, 2018.
The Compensation Committee determined that the grant mix of 50% restricted stock and 50% performance units continues to be appropriate. Grants are determined pursuant to the target long-term incentive grant date value, will be granted annually in February or March on a grant date which is five business days following the announcement of the Company's financial results for the prior fiscal year with annual vesting dates linked to the grant date. Accordingly, the measurement of the value of any restricted stock grant or performance stock unit grant would be based upon the price of our common stock at the close of business on such grant date. Because the Compensation Committee's policy is to grant restricted stock and performance stock units on a fixed date, the Compensation Committee may have previously, or may in the future, grant restricted stock at a time when it, as well as the senior management, may be aware of material non-public information that, once made public, could either have a positive or negative effect on the price of our common stock. In 2018, the performance stock unit portion of the annual equity grants to the NEOs (excluding the CEO) were structured to align with the CEO's remaining closing price performance conditions of $30, $35, and $40. The number of market-based performance stock units granted was determined by multiplying three and the number of restricted stock grants awarded to each NEO (other than our CEO) in 2018 given that the performance stock unit award is intended to represent three years of performance stock unit grants. The restricted stock portion of the grant will continue to be made annually to provide ongoing performance and retention incentives.
Restricted Stock
The use of restricted stock creates stock ownership opportunities and retention strength. With respect to our NEOs (other than our CEO), the 2018 restricted stock grants represented 50% of each of our NEO's annual equity target opportunity. On March 5, 2018, the restricted stock grants were made to the following NEOs employed on such date and to certain of our other employees: Ms. Schweinfurth and Ms. Mayer were granted 12,033 and 6,017 shares of restricted stock, respectively. Messrs. Meisenheimer, Dinkins and Locke were granted 7,353, 5,081 and 6,017 shares of restricted stock, respectively. The 2018 restricted stock awards vest 25% on each anniversary date over four years. Mr. Stockinger did not receive a restricted stock grant in 2018.
Performance Stock Units
The use of performance stock units creates alignment between long-term pay and long-term company performance. Each NEO is generally granted market-based performance stock units during the first 12 months following the date on which such NEO joins the Company. Consistent with this approach, on March 5, 2018 Ms. Mayer, Ms. Schweinfurth and Messrs. Meisenheimer, Dinkins and Locke were granted market-based performance restricted stock units under the Plan for 18,049, 36,097, 22,059, 15,241 and 18,049 shares of common stock, respectively. The market based performance criterion for the performance stock units for Ms. Mayer, Ms. Schweinfurth and Messrs. Meisenheimer, Dinkins and Locke, is as follows: (i) 33 1/3% vests on March 6, 2019 upon the Company's common stock achieving a closing market price at or above $30.00 for 20 consecutive trading days at any point during the period between March 6, 2018 and March 6, 2019, (ii) 33 1/3% vests on March 6, 2020 upon the Company's common stock achieving a closing market price at or above $35.00 for 20 consecutive trading days at any point during the period between March 6, 2019 and March 6, 2020, (iii) 33 1/3% vests on March 6, 2021 upon the Company's common stock achieving a closing market price at or above $40.00 for 20 consecutive trading days at any point during the period between March 6, 2020 and March 6, 2021 and (iv) the employment of such NEO by the Company on the applicable vesting date. If the Company common stock target price above for any performance period is not met, any unvested shares of the Company common stock will be rolled over to the subsequent performance period on a pro rata basis and subject to the Company common stock target price for such subsequent performance period. Mr. Stockinger did not receive performance stock units in 2018.
Additional Compensation Policies and Practices
Compensation Governance Highlights
Strong pay-for-performance alignment
Fully independent Compensation Committee
Fully independent compensation advisor reporting directly to the Compensation Committee
Compensation Clawback Policy in the event of a financial restatement
Executive and Outside Director stock ownership requirements
Prohibition on hedging and pledging of company stock
Executive Stock Ownership Guidelines
Executives of the Company are expected to acquire and continue to hold shares of the Company's common stock having an aggregate market value which equals or exceeds a multiple of base salary as outlined below within five years of being named an executive. The following sets forth the minimum stock ownership level for each NEO:
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Executive     Salary  Multiple  
 Richard Stockinger     3x  
 Lynn S. Schweinfurth(1)     1x  
 Danny K. Meisenheimer(2)     1x  
 Charles Locke     1x  
 Anthony Dinkins     1x  
 Maria C. Mayer(3)     1x  
[END TABLE]
____________
(1)      Ms. Schweinfurth served as Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company until January 25, 2019.
(2)      On March 20, 2019, the Company announced that Mr. Meisenheimer will no longer serve as Senior Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and President of Pollo Tropical effective May 1, 2019.
(3)      Ms. Mayer was no longer employed with the Company effective December 14, 2018.
Only actual shares owned by each executive, including direct and indirect ownership as reported to the SEC, count toward compliance with these guidelines.
Compensation Clawback Policy
The Company has adopted a compensation clawback policy. The NEOs are covered by the policy, which enables the board of directors to seek repayment of incentive compensation that was paid based on financial results that are subsequently restated whereby the amount of incentive compensation that would have been awarded or earned based on the restated financial results is lower than what was paid based on the original financial results. This policy will be reviewed from time to time to ensure that it is compliant with any SEC requirements.
Executive Compensation Roles and Responsibilities
Compensation Committee
The Compensation Committee establishes the overall compensation philosophy and strategy for the NEOs, determines the Chief Executive Officer's compensation, and reviews and approves compensation levels, plan designs, policies, and practices that it believes are aligned with this philosophy and strategy and that are in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders. Although the Compensation Committee receives input from the Chief Executive Officer (particularly with respect to the other NEOs), executive leadership, and its independent compensation advisor, the Compensation Committee makes its own independent determinations regarding executive compensation.
Chief Executive Officer
The Chief Executive Officer attends portions or all of certain Compensation Committee meetings and makes specific recommendations to the Compensation Committee with respect to each NEO's compensation other than his own. This information is reviewed and considered by the Compensation Committee along with all other relevant factors and circumstances. The Chief Executive Officer is never present when the Compensation Committee meets in executive sessions to discuss the compensation of the NEOs.
Executive Leadership
Various members of executive leadership provide information from time to time either to the Chief Executive Officer or to the Compensation Committee directly. For example, the Chief Financial Officer provides information regarding financial performance and payouts under the short-term incentive program and the General Counsel and Senior Vice President, Human Resources, provide information regarding executive compensation policies and practices such as stock ownership requirements.
Independent Compensation Advisor
The Compensation Committee has the authority to retain a compensation advisor. Since 2012, the Compensation Committee has annually chosen to retain Pearl Meyer as its compensation advisor. In selecting Pearl Meyer, the Compensation Committee considered the SEC's independence criteria and concluded that Pearl Meyer  is independent per the criteria and that the work of Pearl Meyer did not raise any conflicts of interest. Pearl Meyer reports directly to the Compensation Committee, and provides no other services to the Company. Pearl Meyer's services to the Compensation Committee include providing periodic data and information regarding market pay practices and trends, as well as assisting in the development of appropriate compensation program designs and policies, and the preparation of the CD&A. The Compensation Committee has been satisfied with Pearl Meyer's services.
Change of Control Agreements
The Stockinger Employment Agreement provides for certain potential enhanced benefits upon a termination of employment following a change of control of the Company which is further described on pages 31 and 32 of this Proxy Statement.
During 2018, the Company did not have change of control agreements with any of its other NEOs.
The Plan and individual award agreements for awards of restricted stock and performance stock units contain a change of control provision. Under the Plan and individual award agreements for restricted stock, in the event of a change of control of the Company, the vesting provisions on all outstanding unvested restricted shares shall be accelerated and such shares will become fully vested and free of all restrictions. With regard to performance stock units, in the event of a change of control, if the performance stock unit awards (i) are not continued by the Compensation Committee, or not assumed or replaced in an equitable manner to the holder by the successor entity or company after a change in control, then a portion of such performance stock unit award that would have vested as of the scheduled vesting date if the Company were to achieve the target performance level for the performance period shall immediately vest, and (ii) are continued by the Compensation Committee, or are assumed or replaced in an equitable manner to the holder by the successor entity or company after a change of control and if the holder of such performance stock unit award is terminated by the Company for reasons other than cause (as defined under the Plan) or the result of a voluntary termination by the holder, or employment is terminated by the holder for good reason (as defined under the Plan) within one year of the date of the change of control, a portion of such performance stock unit award that would have vested as of the scheduled vesting date if the Company were to achieve the target performance level for the performance period shall immediately vest.
The Role of Benchmarking
The Compensation Committee periodically requests data and information regarding the pay practices and program designs of other, similar companies. However, the Compensation Committee does not benchmark or target a specified pay level or percentile, nor does it follow the practices of similar companies. Instead, the Compensation Committee considers this information along with all other relevant facts and circumstances facing the Company and the executives. Such factors include Company performance, individual executive performance, internal equity, succession planning, affordability, return on investment, accounting expense, tax deductibility and shareholder dilution. During 2018, the Compensation Committee did not request such data and information.
Retirement Benefits
The Company provides and maintains a 401(k) Savings Plan, which we refer to as the "401(k) Plan", and a Deferred Compensation Plan, which we refer to as the "Deferred Compensation Plan", which are intended to provide the Company's team members with a competitive tax-deferred long-term savings vehicle. The 401(k) Plan is a qualified 401(k) plan and the Deferred Compensation Plan is a non-qualified deferred compensation plan. The NEOs are not eligible to participate in a qualified 401(k) plan once they have been excluded as "highly compensated" employees (as defined under the Code). Under the Deferred Compensation Plan, eligible employees may elect to voluntarily defer portions of their base salary and annual bonus. An eligible employee may elect, with a deferral agreement, to defer all or a specified amount or percentage of base salary and, if applicable, all or a specified amount or percentage of cash bonuses. All amounts deferred by the participants earn interest at 8% per annum. The Company does not provide any matching contributions to the Deferred Compensation Plan.
Executive Perquisites
In October 2018, the Compensation Committee approved a monthly housing allowance to be paid to Mr. Locke in the amount of $1,500. Total housing allowance payments to Mr. Locke in 2018 totaled $2,769. Tax Implications
The Compensation Committee has considered the impact of Section 162(m) of the Code. This section disallows a tax deduction for any publicly-held corporation for individual compensation to certain executives of such corporation exceeding $1,000,000 in any taxable year, unless compensation is performance-based. It is the intent of the Company and the Compensation Committee to maximize the deductibility of our executives' compensation whenever possible. However, the Compensation Committee does not believe that compensation decisions should be based solely upon the amount of compensation that is deductible for federal income tax purposes. Accordingly, the Compensation Committee reserves the right to award compensation that is or could become non-deductible when it believes that such compensation is consistent with our strategic goals and in our best interests.
Report of the Compensation Committee
The Compensation Committee of the Company has reviewed and discussed the Compensation Discussion and Analysis required by Item 402(b) of Regulation S-K with management and, based on such review and discussions, the Compensation Committee recommended to the Company's board of directors that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in this Proxy Statement.
[BEGIN TABLE]
     Respectfully submitted,  
     COMPENSATION COMMITTEE  
     PAUL E. TWOHIG (Chairman)  
     BRIAN P. FRIEDMAN  
     NICHOLAS P. SHEPHERD  
     STACEY RAUCH  
[END TABLE]
Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation
The members of the Compensation Committee for the fiscal year ended December 30, 2018 were Paul Twohig, Stacey Rauch, Nicholas P Shepherd and Brian P. Friedman. None of the members of the Compensation Committee were, during such year, an officer of the Company or any of our subsidiaries or had any relationship with us other than serving as a director. In addition, no executive officer served as a director or a member of the compensation committee of any other entity, other than any subsidiary of the Company, and which such other entity's (other than any subsidiary of the Company) executive officers served as a director of the Company or on our Compensation Committee. None of the members of our Compensation Committee had any relationship required to be disclosed under this caption under the rules of the SEC. Summary Compensation Table
The following table summarizes historical compensation awarded, paid to or earned by the NEOs for the fiscal year ended December 30, 2018, December 31, 2017 and January 1, 2017.
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Name and Principal Position     Year     Salary  ($)     Bonus(1)  ($)     Stock  Awards(2)  ($)         Option  Awards  ($)     Non-Equity  Incentive Plan  Compensation ($)     Nonqualified  Deferred  Compensation  Earnings(3)  ($)     All Other  Compensation(4)  ($)     Total  ($)  
Richard        C. Stockinger    2018    $  550,000       —               —    —       —       —    $  550,000  
Chief        Executive Officer  and President(5)    2017    $  460,804    $  550,000    $  608,184 608,184    2017 related 2018 related    —    —       —       —    $  1,618,988 608,184  
Chief        Executive Officer  and President(5)    2017    $  460,804    $  550,000    $  608,184 608,184    2017 related 2018 related    —    —       —       —    $  1,618,988 608,184  
                         608,183    2020 related                             608,183  
                      $  2,432,735    Total(6)                          $  3,443,539  
Lynn        S. Schweinfurth    2018    $  367,924       —    $  476,366        —    —    $  14,265       —    $  858,555  
Former Sr. Vice President,    2017    $  352,000    $  150,000    $  326,004        —    —    $  13,566       —    $  841,570  
Chief Financial Officer         and Treasurer(7)    2016    $  352,000       —    $  450,002        —    —    $  11,221       —    $  813,223  
Danny        K. Meisenheimer    2018    $  338,846       —    $  291,105        —    —    $  3,413       —    $  633,364  
Sr. Vice President,            2017    $  330,000    $  175,000    $  199,230        —    —    $  3,589       —    $  707,819  
Chief Operating Officer,         President, Pollo Tropical(8)    2016    $  295,333       —    $  275,021        —    —    $  6,247    $  80,709    $  657,310  
Charles        E. Locke    2018    $  325,000       —    $  238,192        —    —       —    $  2,769    $  565,961  
President, Taco Cabana(9)    2017    $  68,750    $  45,000       —        —    —       —       —    $  113,750  
Anthony        D. Dinkins    2018    $  275,000       —    $  201,136                              $  476,136  
Sr. Vice President         Human Resources(10)    2017    $  71,639    $  21,985       —        —    —       —    $  2,000    $  95,624  
Maria        C. Mayer    2018    $  323,440       —    $  238,192        —    —       —    $  520,000    $  1,081,632  
Former Sr. Vice President,         General Counsel and  Secretary(11)    2017    $  41,250    $  45,000       —        —    —       —       —    $  86,250  
[END TABLE]
(5)       Mr. Stockinger has served as Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company since February 28, 2017. With respect to 2017, amount on table reflects base compensation earned by Mr. Stockinger from February 28, 2017 through December 31, 2017.
(6)       Pursuant to the Stockinger Employment Agreement, Mr. Stockinger received a sign-on grant which consisted of 50% restricted stock and 50% market-based performance restricted stock units. The sign-on grant is intended to represent awards for fiscal years 2017, 2018, 2019 and 2020. Consistent with this intent, the restricted stock component of the grant vests 25% annually and the market based performance criterion for the vesting of Mr. Stockinger's performance-based restricted stock units is as follows: (i) 25% vests on March 6, 2018 upon the Company common stock achieving a closing market price at or above $25.00 for 20 consecutive trading days at any point during the period between March 6, 2017 and March 6, 2018, (ii) 25% vests on March 6, 2019 upon the Company common stock achieving a closing market price at or above $30.00 for 20 consecutive trading days at any point during the period between March 6, 2018 and March 6, 2019, (iii) 25% vests on March 6, 2020 upon the Company common stock achieving a closing market price at or above $35.00 for 20 consecutive trading days at any point during the period between March 6, 2019 and March 6, 2020, (iv) 25% vests on March 6, 2021 upon the Company common stock achieving a closing market price at or above $40.00 for 20 consecutive trading days at any point during the  period between March 6, 2020 and March 6, 2021 and (v) the employment of Mr. Stockinger by the Company on the applicable vesting date. If the Company common stock target price above for any performance period is not met, any unvested shares of the Company's common stock will be rolled over to the subsequent performance period on a pro rata basis and subject to the Company common stock target price for such subsequent performance period.
(7)       Ms. Schweinfurth served as Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company until January 25, 2019.
(8)       On March 20, 2019, the Company announced that Mr. Meisenheimer will no longer serve as Senior Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and President of Pollo Tropical effective May 1, 2019.
(9)       Mr. Locke has served as President, Taco Cabana since October 16, 2017. With respect to 2017, amount on table reflects base compensation earned by Mr. Locke from October 16, 2017 through December 31, 2017.
(10)     Mr. Dinkins has served as Senior Vice President, Human Resources since September 26, 2017. With respect to 2017, amount on table reflects base compensation earned by Mr. Dinkins from September 26, 2017 through December 31, 2017.
(11)     Ms. Mayer served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary from November 15, 2017 until December 14, 2018. Amount on table for 2017 reflects base compensation earned by Ms. Mayer from November 15, 2017 through December 31, 2017. Amount on table for 2018 reflects total base salary paid to Ms. Mayer through December 14, 2018 and a severance payment to Ms. Mayer of $520,000. Amount does not include payment of $153,160 paid in resolution of certain matters.
Stockinger Employment Agreement
Mr. Stockinger was appointed Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company effective February 28, 2017. On February 24, 2017, the Company entered into an Executive Employment Agreement with Mr. Stockinger, which we refer to as the "Stockinger Employment Agreement" pursuant to which Mr. Stockinger will earn a base salary of $550,000 per year which can be increased at the sole discretion of the Compensation Committee. Pursuant to the Stockinger Employment Agreement, Mr. Stockinger was (i) eligible to receive a short term cash incentive bonus equal to at least 100% of Mr. Stockinger's then base salary based upon attainment of objectives to be established by the Compensation Committee, (ii) received a sign on grant of restricted common stock of the Company pursuant to the Plan with a value of $3,000,000 (based on the closing price of the Company's common stock on March 6, 2017) which consisted of 50% time-based restricted stock of the Company (granted to Mr. Stockinger on March 6, 2017) vesting 25% on each anniversary date over four years and 50% performance-based restricted stock units of the Company (granted to Mr. Stockinger on June 2, 2017) vesting 25% on each anniversary date over four years if the performance conditions and metrics, which are to be determined by the Compensation Committee, are achieved, and (iii) commencing with our 2021 fiscal year (or such earlier time as may be determined by the Compensation Committee in its sole discretion), will be entitled to receive additional annual long-term incentive awards as may be determined by the Compensation Committee.
The Stockinger Employment Agreement provides that if Mr. Stockinger's employment with the Company is terminated by the Company for Cause (as defined in the Stockinger Employment Agreement) or if his employment with the Company ends due to death or "permanent and total disability" (within the meaning of Section 22(e)(3) of the Code) or voluntary termination of employment by Mr. Stockinger without Good Reason (as defined in the Stockinger Employment Agreement), he shall be entitled to receive (i) any earned but unpaid compensation, (ii) solely with respect to Mr. Stockinger's termination for death or "permanent and total disability", any earned but unpaid bonus for any completed year prior to the date of termination and (iii) any other amounts or benefits owing to Mr. Stockinger under the terms of any employee benefit plan of the Company or, in the case of equity-based compensation awards, under the terms of the equity award plan or applicable award agreement, which we refer to as the "Accrued Benefits".
The Stockinger Employment Agreement also provides that if Mr. Stockinger's employment with the Company is terminated by the Company without Cause or for reasons other than death or "permanent and total disability" or is voluntarily terminated by Mr. Stockinger for Good Reason, he shall be entitled to receive (i) 1.5 times his then base salary, to be paid at least monthly, for a period of twelve months, (ii) any earned but unpaid bonus for any completed year prior to the date of termination plus a pro rata portion of any annual bonus that Mr. Stockinger would have been entitled to receive with respect to the fiscal year of termination had his employment not been terminated, (iii) the payment by the Company of premium payments for a period of up to twelve months if Mr. Stockinger and his dependents elect coverage under the Company's health insurance plan pursuant to the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act, which we refer to as "COBRA", (iv) executive outplacement services in an amount not to exceed $25,000 to be incurred no later than the end of the second year following the year of termination and (v) the Accrued Benefits (except as otherwise may be provided in connection with a Change of Control (as defined in the Stockinger Employment Agreement)).
If within one year after the occurrence of a Change of Control (as defined in the Stockinger Employment Agreement), Mr. Stockinger's employment with the Company is terminated by the Company without Cause and for reasons other than death or "permanent and total disability" or is voluntarily terminated by Mr. Stockinger for Good Reason, then Mr. Stockinger shall be entitled to (i) 2.0 times his then base salary, payable in a lump sum (ii) any earned but unpaid bonus for any completed year prior to the date of termination plus a pro rata  portion of any annual bonus that Mr. Stockinger would have been entitled to receive with respect to the fiscal year of termination had his employment not been terminated, (iii) the acceleration of the vesting provisions of Mr. Stockinger's outstanding unvested time-based restricted stock awards, (iv) the acceleration of the vesting provisions of a portion of Mr. Stockinger's outstanding performance-based restricted stock unit awards that would have vested as of the scheduled vesting date if the Company were to have achieved the target performance level for the performance period, if (x) such awards are not continued by the Compensation Committee or not assumed or replaced in an equitable manner by the successor entity after a Change of Control or (y) such awards are continued by the Compensation Committee, or are assumed or replaced in an equitable manner by the successor entity after a Change of Control and, within one year after the date of Change of Control, Mr. Stockinger's employment is terminated without Cause and for reasons other than death or "permanent disability" or voluntarily terminated by Mr. Stockinger for Good Reason, (v) the payment by the Company of premium payments for a period of up to twelve months if Mr. Stockinger and his dependents elect coverage under the Company's health insurance plan pursuant to COBRA, (vi) executive outplacement services in an amount not to exceed $25,000 to be incurred no later than the end of the second year following the year of termination and (vii) the Accrued Benefits.
Mr. Stockinger, pursuant to the Stockinger Employment Agreement, agreed, for a period of two years following his termination of employment with the Company, not to directly or indirectly solicit for employment or employ any person who is or was employed by the Company within six months prior to his termination date.
Additionally, under the Stockinger Employment Agreement, Mr. Stockinger agreed for a period of eighteen months following his termination of employment with the Company, not to be employed by or associated with as employee, consultant, director, or in any other equivalent capacity, any company operating Tex-Mex or Mexican-themed quick-service, quick-casual, fast-casual or casual dining restaurants, or any company operating Caribbean or Hispanic-themed quick-service, quick-casual, fast-casual or casual dining restaurants which feature grilled chicken as the primary or central menu item.
Schweinfurth Letter Agreement and Schweinfurth Agreement
Pursuant to the terms of an offer letter between Fiesta Restaurant Group and Ms. Schweinfurth entered into on June 29, 2012, which we refer to as the "Schweinfurth Letter Agreement", Ms. Schweinfurth earned an annual base salary of $320,000 beginning in 2012 and became eligible for annual merit increases beginning in 2014 based upon recommendations of our Chief Executive Officer and Compensation Committee. The Schweinfurth Letter Agreement also provided that Ms. Schweinfurth would participate in the executive bonus program, as established by our Compensation Committee.
Pursuant to the Schweinfurth Letter Agreement, within 30 days of July 16, 2012, the date of Ms. Schweinfurth's commencement of employment with the Company, Ms. Schweinfurth received a one-time sign on grant of 50,000 shares of restricted common stock of the Company in connection with her appointment as our Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. The restricted shares of the Company's common stock granted to Ms. Schweinfurth vested over four years at the rate of 25% per annum beginning on the first anniversary of the date of grant and are subject to provisions of the Plan.
The Schweinfurth Letter Agreement also provided that in the event Ms. Schweinfurth is terminated without Cause (as defined in the Schweinfurth Letter Agreement), she was entitled to receive a severance payment equal to her twelve months base salary and the pro-rated portion of her bonus payable, provided that a bonus would have been payable.
On November 4, 2016, the Company and Ms. Schweinfurth entered into the Schweinfurth Agreement pursuant to which Ms. Schweinfurth was entitled to a retention bonus payment of (a) $150,000, which we refer to as the "Schweinfurth 2016 Bonus", which was paid in February 2017; provided that if Ms. Schweinfurth (i) voluntarily resigns as an employee of the Company other than for Good Reason (as defined in the Schweinfurth Agreement) or gives notice of such resignation any time during the twelve month period following the payment date of the Schweinfurth 2016 Bonus or (ii) if Ms. Schweinfurth voluntarily resigns as an employee of the Company other than for Good Reason any time prior to December 31, 2017 and fails to provide at least six months prior written notice of such voluntary resignation, Ms. Schweinfurth shall repay the Schweinfurth 2016 Bonus to the Company, and (b) $150,000 less any amount related to short term incentive compensation received by Ms. Schweinfurth under the Company's Executive Bonus Plan (as defined in the Schweinfurth Agreement), which we refer to as the "Schweinfurth 2017 Bonus", which was paid in March 2018. The Schweinfurth Agreement also modified and superseded the severance bonus arrangements contained in the Schweinfurth Letter Agreement, and provided  that upon a termination of Ms. Schweinfurth's employment by the Company without Cause (as defined in the Schweinfurth Agreement) or termination of Ms. Schweinfurth's employment by Ms. Schweinfurth with Good Reason, Ms. Schweinfurth was entitled to (i) an amount equal to one times Ms. Schweinfurt's highest annual base salary in effect prior to the date Ms. Schweinfurth's employment is terminated and (ii) an amount equal to a pro rata portion of the aggregate bonus under the Company's Executive Bonus Plan for the year in which Ms. Schweinfurth's employment is terminated (plus any earned and unpaid bonus amounts under the Company's Executive Bonus Plan for the year prior to the year in which Ms. Schweinfurth's employment is terminated). The Schweinfurth Agreement terminated (other than the severance bonus provisions which shall survive any such termination, consistent with the terms of the Schweinfurth Letter Agreement) on December 31, 2018.
Meisenheimer Agreement
On November 4, 2016, the Company and Mr. Meisenheimer entered into the Meisenheimer Agreement pursuant to which Mr. Meisenheimer was entitled to a retention bonus payment of (a) $175,000, which we refer to as the "Meisenheimer 2016 Bonus", which was paid in February 2017; provided that if Mr. Meisenheimer (i) voluntarily resigns as an employee of the Company other than for Good Reason (as defined in the Meisenheimer Agreement) or gives notice of such resignation any time during the twelve month period following the payment date of the Meisenheimer 2016 Bonus or (ii) if Mr. Meisenheimer voluntarily resigns as an employee of the Company other than for Good Reason any time prior to December 31, 2017 and fails to provide at least six months prior written notice of such voluntary resignation, Mr. Meisenheimer shall repay the Meisenheimer 2016 Bonus to the Company, and (b) $175,000 less any amount related to short term incentive compensation received by Mr. Meisenheimer under the Company's Executive Bonus Plan (as defined in the Meisenheimer Agreement), which we refer to as the "Meisenheimer 2017 Bonus", which was paid in March 2018. The Meisenheimer Agreement also provides that upon a termination of Mr. Meisenheimer's employment by the Company without Cause (as defined in the Meisenheimer Agreement), termination of Mr. Meisenheimer's employment by Mr. Meisenheimer with Good Reason (other than in the case of a material diminution of Mr. Meisenheimer's authority, duties or responsibilities) and termination of Mr. Meisenheimer's employment by Mr. Meisenheimer for any reason during the period that is between six months and twelve months following the commencement date of employment of a new Chief Executive Officer of the Company, Mr. Meisenheimer is entitled to (i) an amount equal to two times Mr. Meisenheimer's highest annual base salary in effect prior to the date Mr. Meisenheimer's employment is terminated and (ii) an amount equal to a pro rata portion of the aggregate bonus under the Company's Executive Bonus Plan (as defined in the Meisenheimer Agreement) for the year in which Mr. Meisenheimer's employment is terminated (plus earned and unpaid bonus amounts under the Company's Executive Bonus Plan for the year prior to the year in which Mr. Meisenheimer's employment is terminated). The Meisenheimer Agreement terminated on December 31, 2018.
On February 27, 2018, the Company and Mr. Meisenheimer entered into an agreement (the "2018 Meisenheimer Agreement"). The term of the 2018 Meisenheimer Agreement is effective December 31, 2018 (concurrent with the expiration of the Meisenheimer Agreement) and continues until the date of Mr. Meisenheimer's termination of employment with the Company. The 2018 Meisenheimer Agreement provides that, upon termination of Mr. Meisenheimer's employment by the Company without Cause (as defined in the 2018 Meisenheimer Agreement) or termination of Mr. Meisenheimer's employment by Mr. Meisenheimer with Good Reason (as defined in the 2018 Meisenheimer Agreement), Mr. Meisenheimer is entitled to (i) an amount equal to one times Mr. Meisenheimer's highest annual base salary in effect prior to the date Mr. Meisenheimer's employment is terminated (plus interest equal to the Prime Rate (as defined in the 2018 Meisenheimer Agreement) plus three percent, with such interest accruing from the date of termination of employment until the date of payment) and (ii) an amount equal to a pro rata portion of the aggregate bonus under the Company's Executive Bonus Plan (as defined in the 2018 Meisenheimer Agreement) to which Mr. Meisenheimer would otherwise have been entitled had his employment not terminated, for the year in which Mr. Meisenheimer's employment is terminated (plus any earned and unpaid bonus amounts under the Company's Executive Bonus Plan for the year prior to the year in which Mr. Meisenheimer's employment is terminated).
Mayer Offer Letter and Agreement
Pursuant to an offer letter dated October 23, 2017 between the Company and Maria C. Mayer, which we refer to as the "Mayer Offer Letter", Ms. Mayer was entitled to a base salary of $325,000 which was eligible for discretionary annual increases in January 2019. Pursuant to the Mayer Offer Letter, Ms. Mayer was entitled to a bonus target of 60% of her annual base salary commencing in 2018 subject to the terms of the Company's  applicable bonus plan and the discretion of the Compensation Committee. The Mayer Offer Letter also provided Ms. Mayer with a sign on bonus of $45,000 payable on or before March 15, 2018, provided that if Ms. Mayer voluntarily resigned from the Company within one year of the payment date of such sign-on bonus, Ms. Mayer must refund the amount of such sign on bonus to the Company. Pursuant to the Mayer Offer Letter, Ms. Mayer was eligible for annual equity grants of $225,000 subject to the discretion of the Compensation Committee which were expected to be comprised of 50% restricted stock awards that vest 25% on each anniversary date and 50% based on performance-based criteria to be determined prior to the date of grant.
On November 15, 2017, the Company and Maria C. Mayer entered into an Agreement (as amended on August 3, 2018), which we refer to as the "Mayer Agreement", a summary of which is provided on page 41 of this Proxy Statement.
Locke Offer Letter and Agreement
Pursuant to an offer letter dated September 24, 2017 between the Company and Charles Locke, which we refer to as the "Locke Offer Letter", Mr. Locke is entitled to a base salary of $325,000 which is eligible for discretionary annual increases in January 2019. Pursuant to the Locke Offer Letter, Mr. Locke is entitled to a bonus target of 60% of his annual base salary commencing in 2018 subject to the terms of the Company's applicable bonus plan and the discretion of the Compensation Committee. The Locke Offer Letter also provides Mr. Locke with a sign-on bonus of $45,000 payable on or before March 15, 2018, provided that if Mr. Locke voluntarily resigns from the Company within one year of the payment date of such sign on bonus, Mr. Locke must refund the amount of such sign-on bonus to the Company. Pursuant to the Locke Offer Letter, Mr. Locke is eligible for annual equity grants of $225,000 subject to the discretion of the Compensation Committee which are expected to be comprised of 50% restricted stock awards that vest 25% on each anniversary date and 50% based on performance-based criteria to be determined prior to the date of grant. The Locke Offer Letter also provides that Mr. Locke is entitled to reimbursement for temporary housing costs for up to six months.
On October 12, 2017, the Company and Charles Locke entered into an Agreement (as amended on August 3, 2018), which we refer to as the "Locke Agreement", a summary of which is provided on page 41 of this Proxy Statement.
Dinkins Offer Letter and Agreement
Pursuant to an offer letter dated September 22, 2017 between the Company and Anthony Dinkins, which we refer to as the "Dinkins Offer Letter", Mr. Dinkins is entitled to a base salary of $275,000 which is eligible for discretionary annual increases in January 2019. Pursuant to the Dinkins Offer Letter, Mr. Dinkins is entitled to a bonus target of 60% of his annual base salary commencing in 2018 subject to the terms of the Company's applicable bonus plan and the discretion of the Compensation Committee. The Dinkins Offer Letter also provides Mr. Dinkins with a sign-on bonus of $2,000, provided that if Mr. Dinkins employment with the Company ceases within 12 months of Mr. Dinkins' first date of employment with the Company, Mr. Dinkins must refund the amount of such sign-on bonus to the Company. Pursuant to the Dinkins Offer Letter, Mr. Dinkins is eligible for annual equity grants of $190,000 subject to the discretion of the Compensation Committee which are expected to be comprised of 50% restricted stock awards that vest 25% on each anniversary date and 50% based on performance-based criteria to be determined prior to the date of grant.
On August 3, 2018, the Company and Anthony Dinkins entered into an Agreement, which we refer to as the "Dinkins Agreement", a summary of which is provided on page 41 of this Proxy Statement.
Grants of Plan-Based Awards
The following table provides certain historical information regarding grants of plan-based awards made to the NEOs during the fiscal year ended December 30, 2018: 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Name     Grant Date     Approval Date(1)     Estimated Payouts Under Non-Equity Incentive Plan Awards     Estimated Future Payouts Under Equity Incentive Plan Awards Maximum (#)(2)     All Other Stock Awards: Number of Shares or Units (#)(3)     Grant Date Fair Value of Stock Awards(4)  
 Richard C. Stockinger     —     —     —     —     —         —  
 Lynn S. Schweinfurth(5)     3/5/2018     2/21/2018     —     36,097     —     $   251,349  
     3/5/2018     2/21/2018     —     —     12,033     $   225,017  
 Danny K. Meisenheimer(6)     3/5/2018     2/21/2018     —     22,059     —     $   153,604  
     3/5/2018     2/21/2018     —     —     7,353     $   137,501  
 Charles E. Locke     3/5/2018     2/21/2018     —     18,049     —     $   125,674  
     3/5/2018     2/21/2018         —     6,017     $   112,518  
 Anthony D. Dinkins     3/5/2018     2/21/2018     —     15,241     —     $   106,121  
     3/5/2018     2/21/2018     —     —     5,081     $   95,015  
 Maria C. Mayer(7)     3/5/2018     2/21/2018     —     18,049     —     $   125,674  
     3/5/2018     2/21/2018         —     6,017     $   112,518  
[END TABLE]
____________
(1)      The grants of plan-based awards in this table above were approved by our Compensation Committee on February 21, 2018.
(2)      Amounts shown in this column reflect the number of market-based performance restricted stock units granted to each NEO pursuant to the Plan during 2018. The March 5, 2018 restricted stock units vest in three tranches over a three-year vesting period, subject to continued service and attainment of specified share price of our common stock, as set forth with respect to each award. No threshold or target amounts were established in connection with these awards. If the specific share price for any performance period is not met, any unvested units will be rolled over to the subsequent performance period on a pro rata basis and subject to the attainment of specific share price for such subsequent performance period.
(3)      Amounts shown in this column reflect the number of restricted shares granted to each NEO pursuant to the Plan during 2018. The 2018 restricted shares vest 25% on each anniversary date over four years.
(4)      The value of the restricted shares of common stock granted in 2018 was calculated by multiplying the number of shares awarded by the market closing price of our common stock on the grant date. The grant date fair value for the March 6, 2018 grant was $18.70 per share. The value for the market-based performance restricted stock units was calculated by multiplying the number of units awarded by the fair value of the units calculated using a Monte Carlo simulation. The market-based performance restricted stock units granted on March 5, 2018 were valued using the following assumptions: Risk free interest rate of 2.40%; no expected dividend yield; and expected volatility of 41.49. The weighted average grant date fair value for the market-based performance restricted stock units granted on March 5, 2018 was $6.96.
(5)      Ms. Schweinfurth served as Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company until January 25, 2019.
(6)      On March 20, 2019, the Company announced that Mr. Meisenheimer will no longer serve as Senior Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and President of Pollo Tropical effective May 1, 2019.
(7)      Ms. Mayer was no longer employed with the Company effective December 14, 2018.
2012 Stock Incentive Plan.    The Plan provides for the grant of stock options and stock appreciation rights, stock awards, performance awards, outside director stock options, and outside director stock awards. Any officer, employee, associate, director and any consultant or advisor providing services to us are eligible to participate in the Plan.
The Plan is administered by the Compensation Committee which approves awards and may base its considerations on recommendations by our Chief Executive Officer. The Compensation Committee has the authority to (1) approve plan participants, (2) approve whether and to what extent stock options, stock appreciation rights, stock awards, and performance awards are to be granted and the number of shares of stock to be covered by each award (other than an outside director award), (3) approve forms of agreement for use under the Plan, (4) determine terms and conditions of awards (including, but not limited to, the option price, any vesting restriction or limitation, any vesting acceleration or waiver or forfeiture, and any right of repurchase, right of first refusal or other transfer restriction regarding any award), (5) modify, amend or adjust the terms and conditions of any award, (6) determine the fair market value, and (7) determine the type and amount of consideration to be received by us for any stock award issued.
Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End
The following table sets forth certain information with respect to the value of all equity awards that were not vested at the December 30, 2018 fiscal year end for each of the NEOs. 
[BEGIN TABLE]
     Option Awards     Stock Awards  
 Name     Number of Securities Underlying Options (#) Exercisable     Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable     Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options  (#)     Option Exercise Price  ($)     Option Expiration Date     Number of Shares of Stock That Have Not Vested (#)     Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ($)(1)     Equity Incentive Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#)     Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested  ($)  
 Richard C. Stockinger     —     —     —     —     —     54,217   ​(2)     $   826,267     —             —  
     —     —     —     —     —     —                 72,290   ​(3)     $   1,101,700  
 Lynn S. Schweinfurth(10)     —     —     —     —     —     8,133   ​(2)     $   123,947     —             —  
     —     —     —     —     —     864   ​(4)     $   13,167     —             —  
     —     —     —     —     —     3,191   ​(5)     $   48,631     —             —  
     —     —     —     —     —     12,033   ​(6)     $   183,383     —             —  
     —     —     —     —     —     —                 6,383   ​(7)     $   97,277  
     —     —     —     —     —     —                 10,844   ​(8)     $   165,263  
     —     —     —     —     —     —                 36,097   ​(9)     $   550,118  
 Danny K. Meisenheimer(11)     —     —     —     —     —     4,970   ​(2)     $   75,743     —             —  
     —     —     —     —     —     529   ​(4)     $   8,062     —             —  
     —     —     —     —     —     1,949   ​(5)     $   29,703     —             —  
     —     —     —     —     —     7,353   ​(6)     $   112,060     —             —  
     —     —     —     —     —     —             —     3,901   ​(7)     $   59,451  
     —     —     —     —     —     —             —     6,627   ​(8)     $   100,995  
     —     —     —     —     —     —             —     22,059   ​(9)     $   336,179  
 Charles E. Locke     —     —     —     —     —     6,017         $   91,699                  
                                         18,049   ​(9)     $   275,067  
 Anthony D. Dinkins     —     —     —     —     —     5,081         $   77,434     —             —  
                                         15,241   ​(9)     $   232,273  
 Maria C. Mayer(12)     —     —     —     —     —     —             —     18,049   ​(9)     $   275,067  
[END TABLE]
____________
(1)       The market value of the restricted stock awards was determined based on the closing price of our common stock on the last trading day of the fiscal year, December 28, 2018, which was $15.24.
(2)       Represents restricted shares of common stock that vest in increments of one-third on each of March 6, 2019, March 6, 2020 and March 6, 2021.
(3)       Represents market-based performance restricted stock units that vest in increments of one-third on each of March 6, 2019, March 6, 2020 and March 6, 2021, subject to continued service and attainment of specified share prices of our common stock. If the specified target stock price for any tranche is not met for the performance period, the cumulative unearned units will be rolled over to subsequent performance period on a pro rata basis and subject to the attainment of target stock price for such subsequent performance period. The specified target stock price for the tranche vesting on March 6, 2019 was not met and 24,097 units were rolled over to subsequent performance periods in March 2019.
(4)       Represents restricted shares of common stock granted in 2015 that vest on February 27, 2019, subject to the achievement of certain performance criteria. This performance criteria requires the Company to achieve 75% of its EBT (earnings before taxes) target each year in order for the restricted stock to vest at the time the service condition is satisfied. This performance condition prevents shares from vesting at the vesting date if the Company did not achieve at least 75% of its EBT target for the preceding year. The Company did not achieve over 75% of its EBT target for 2018 and the following restricted stock awards were forfeited by Mr. Meisenheimer in February 2019: 529 shares.
(5)       Represents restricted shares of common stock granted in 2016 that vest in increments of one-half on each of March 2, 2019, and March 2, 2020, subject to the achievement of certain performance criteria. This performance criteria requires the Company to achieve at least 75% of its EBT target each year in order for the restricted stock to vest at the time the service condition is satisfied. This performance condition prevents shares from vesting at the vesting date if the Company did not achieve 75% of its EBT target for the preceding year. The Company did not achieve over 75% of its EBT target for 2018 and the following restricted stock awards were forfeited by Mr. Meisenheimer in February 2019: 976.
(6)       Represents restricted shares of common stock that vest in increments of one-fourth on each of March 5, 2019, March 5, 2020, March 5, 2021 and March 5, 2022.
(7)       Represents performance restricted stock units that vest on March 2, 2019, subject to the achievement of certain performance criteria. These performance restricted stock units were forfeited in March 2019 as the Company did not achieve the required performance criteria.
(8)       Represents market performance-based restricted stock units that vest in increments of one-half on each of March 6, 2019 and March 6, 2020, subject to continued service and attainment of specified share prices of our common stock. If the target stock price for any  performance period is not met, the cumulative unearned units will be rolled over to subsequent performance period on a pro rata basis and subject to the attainment of the target stock price of such subsequent performance period. The target stock price for the tranche vesting on March 6, 2019 was not met. The following units were rolled over to subsequent tranches in March 2019: Mr. Meisenheimer – 3,314 units.
(9)       Represents market performance-based restricted stock units that vest in increments of one-third on each of March 6, 2019, March 6, 2020 and March 6, 2021, subject to continued service and attainment of specified share prices of our common stock. If the target stock price for any performance period is not met, the cumulative unearned units will be rolled over to subsequent performance period on a pro rata basis and subject to the attainment of the target stock price of such subsequent performance period. The target stock price for the tranche vesting on March 6, 2019 was not met. The following units were rolled over to subsequent tranches in March 2019: Mr. Meisenheimer – 7,353 units, Mr. Locke – 6,017 units, Mr. Dinkins – 5,081 units.
(10)     Ms. Schweinfurth resigned as Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer effective January 25, 2019. All unvested restricted shares of common stock whether or not subject to Company performance criteria and all unvested restricted stock units held by Ms. Schweinfurth were forfeited upon termination.
(11)     On March 20, 2019, the Company announced that Mr. Meisenheimer will no longer serve as Senior Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and President of Pollo Tropical effective May 1, 2019.
(12)     Ms. Mayer was no longer employed with the Company effective December 14, 2018. All unvested restricted shares of common stock not subject to Company performance criteria held by Ms. Mayer were accelerated and vested upon termination. All rights under unvested restricted stock units subject to performance criteria were terminated in connection with Ms. Mayer's termination of employment.
Options Exercised and Stock Vested
The following table provides summary information about options exercised by our NEOs and shares of restricted stock that vested during the fiscal year ended December 30, 2018. 
[BEGIN TABLE]
     Option Awards     Stock Awards  
 Name     Number of Shares Acquired on Exercise (#)     Value  Realized  on Exercise ($)     Number of Shares Acquired on Vesting (#)     Value  Realized on Vesting ($)(1)  
 Richard C. Stockinger     —     —     18,073     $   333,447  
 Lynn S. Schweinfurth(2)     —     —     9,557     $   176,326  
 Danny K. Meisenheimer(3)     —     —     6,103     $   112,718  
 Charles E. Locke     —     —     —          
 Anthony D. Dinkins     —     —     —          
 Maria C. Mayer(4)     —     —     6,017     $   99,341  
[END TABLE]
____________
(1)      Based on the closing price of our common stock on the date of vesting.
(2)      Ms. Schweinfurth served as Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company until January 25, 2019.
(3)      On March 20, 2019, the Company announced that Mr. Meisenheimer will no longer serve as Senior Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and President of Pollo Tropical effective May 1, 2019.
(4)      Ms. Mayer was no longer employed with the Company effective December 14, 2018.
Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation
We have adopted a Deferred Compensation Plan for employees not eligible to participate in our Retirement Savings Plan, which we refer to as the "Retirement Plan", because they have been excluded as "highly compensated" employees (as so defined in the Retirement Plan), to voluntarily defer portions of their base salary and annual bonus. An eligible employee may elect, on a deferral agreement, to defer all or a specified percentage of base salary and, if applicable, all or a specified percentage of cash bonuses. All amounts deferred by the participants earn interest at 8% per annum. We do not match any portion of the funds.
The following table describes contributions, earnings and balances at December 30, 2018 under our Deferred Compensation Plan. 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Name     Executive Contributions in  Last FY  ($)     Registrant  Contributions in  Last FY  ($)     Aggregate Earnings in Last FY  ($)(1)     Aggregate Withdrawals/ Distributions  ($)     Aggregate Balance at Last FYE  ($)(2)  
 Richard C. Stockinger         —     —         —         —         —  
 Lynn S. Schweinfurth(3)     $   55,085     —     $   27,972         —     $   408,622  
 Danny K. Meisenheimer(4)     $   78,173     —     $   6,693     $   58,808     $   111,513  
 Charles E. Locke         —     —         —         —         —  
 Anthony D. Dinkins         —     —         —         —         —  
 Maria C. Mayer(5)         —     —         —         —         —  
[END TABLE]
____________
(1)      Earnings represent the interest earned on amounts deferred at 8.0% per annum.
(2)      Amounts reported in this column include contributions made by the NEO prior to 2018.
(3)      Ms. Schweinfurth served as Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company until January 25, 2019.
(4)      On March 20, 2019, the Company announced that Mr. Meisenheimer will no longer serve as Senior Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and President of Pollo Tropical effective May 1, 2019.
(5)      Ms. Mayer was no longer employed with the Company effective December 14, 2018.
Potential Payments upon Termination or Change-of-Control
Stockinger Employment Agreement
The Stockinger Employment Agreement provides that if Mr. Stockinger's employment with the Company is terminated by the Company for Cause (as defined in the Stockinger Employment Agreement) or if his employment with the Company ends due to death or "permanent and total disability" (within the meaning of Section 22(e)(3) of the Code) or voluntary termination of employment by Mr. Stockinger without Good Reason (as defined in the Stockinger Employment Agreement), he shall be entitled to receive (i) any earned but unpaid compensation, (ii) solely with respect to Mr. Stockinger's termination for death or "permanent and total disability", any earned but unpaid bonus for any completed year prior to the date of termination and (iii) the Accrued Benefits.
The Stockinger Employment Agreement also provides that if Mr. Stockinger's employment with the Company is terminated by the Company without Cause or for reasons other than death or "permanent and total disability" or is voluntarily terminated by Mr. Stockinger for Good Reason, he shall be entitled to receive (i) 1.5 times his then base salary, to be paid at least monthly, for a period of twelve months, (ii) any earned but unpaid bonus for any completed year prior to the date of termination plus a pro rata portion of any annual bonus that Mr. Stockinger would have been entitled to receive with respect to the fiscal year of termination had his employment not been terminated, (iii) the payment by the Company of premium payments for a period of up to twelve months if Mr. Stockinger and his dependents elect coverage under the Company's health insurance plan pursuant to the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act, which we refer to as "COBRA", (iv) executive outplacement services in an amount not to exceed $25,000 to be incurred no later than the end of the second year following the year of termination and (v) the Accrued Benefits (except as otherwise may be provided in connection with a Change of Control).
If within one year after the occurrence of a Change of Control (as defined in the Stockinger Employment Agreement), Mr. Stockinger's employment with the Company is terminated by the Company without Cause and for reasons other than death or "permanent and total disability" or is voluntarily terminated by Mr. Stockinger for Good Reason, then Mr. Stockinger shall be entitled to (i) 2.0 times his then base salary, payable in a lump sum (ii) any earned but unpaid bonus for any completed year prior to the date of termination plus a pro rata portion of any annual bonus that Mr. Stockinger would have been entitled to receive with respect to the fiscal year of termination had his employment not been terminated, (iii) the acceleration of the vesting provisions of Mr. Stockinger's outstanding unvested time-based restricted stock awards, (iv) the acceleration of the vesting provisions of a portion of Mr. Stockinger's outstanding performance-based restricted stock unit awards that would have vested as of the scheduled vesting date if the Company were to have achieved the target performance level for the performance period, if (x) such awards are not continued by the Compensation Committee or not assumed or replaced in an equitable manner by the successor entity after a Change of Control or (y) such awards are continued by the Compensation Committee, or are assumed or replaced in an equitable manner by the successor entity after a Change of Control and, within one year after the date of Change of Control, Mr. Stockinger's employment is terminated without Cause and for reasons other than death or "permanent disability" or voluntarily terminated by Mr. Stockinger for Good Reason, (v) the payment by the Company of premium payments for a period of up to twelve  months if Mr. Stockinger and his dependents elect coverage under the Company's health insurance plan pursuant to COBRA, (vi) executive outplacement services in an amount not to exceed $25,000 to be incurred no later than the end of the second year following the year of termination and (vii) the Accrued Benefits.
The following table summarizes estimated benefits that would have been payable to Mr. Stockinger (a) if his employment had been terminated on December 30, 2018 (i) by us for Cause (as defined in the Stockinger Employment Agreement) or if his employment with the Company ends due to death or "permanent and total disability" (within the meaning of Section 22(e)(3) of the Code) or voluntary termination of employment by Mr. Stockinger without Good Reason (as defined in the Stockinger Employment Agreement) or (ii) by the Company without Cause or for reasons other than death or "permanent and total disability" or is voluntarily terminated by Mr. Stockinger for Good Reason, or (b) upon a change of control of Fiesta Restaurant Group.
[BEGIN TABLE]
     Terminated  Without Cause or  By Employee for  Good Reason     Terminated for  Cause or By Employee  Without Good  Reason     Disability     Death     Change of Control  
 Severance(1)     $   825,000     $   —     $   —     $   —     $   1,100,000  
 Bonus(2)         —         —         —         —         —  
 Accrued Vacation(3)         33,847         33,847         33,847         33,847         33,847  
 Deferred Compensation  Plan(4)         —         —         —         —         —  
 Outplacement         25,000         —         25,000         —         25,000  
 COBRA(5)         13,325         —         —         —         —  
 Equity(6)         826,267         —         1,260,613         1,260,613         1,927,967  
 Total     $   1,723,439     $   33,847     $   1,319,460     $   1,294,460     $   3,086,814  
[END TABLE]
____________
(1)      Reflects a cash lump sum payment in the amount equal to one and one-half year salary in effect on December 30, 2018.
(2)      No bonus earned for the 2018 year.
(3)      Amount represents 128 hours of accrued but unpaid vacation as of December 30, 2018 based on the annual salary of $550,000 from time of hire.
(4)      Mr. Stockinger did not participate in the deferred compensation plan.
(5)      Cobra coverage will be paid for one year.
(6)      For the market based performance restricted stock units granted to Mr. Stockinger in 2017, if Mr. Stockinger's employment with the Company terminates due to death or disability prior to the end of a performance period, a portion of the units shall immediately vest. The number of units that will vest is calculated as the number of units that would vest as of the applicable scheduled vesting date, if the Company were to achieve the applicable target stock price for the applicable performance period, multiplied by a fraction. The numerator of the fraction is the number of days between the grant date and the date Mr. Stockinger's employment ended, and the denominator is the number of days in the applicable performance period. If Mr. Stockinger's employment with the Company is terminated by us without cause (as defined under the applicable award agreement) or by Mr. Stockinger for good reason (as defined under the applicable award agreement), the market based performance restricted stock units shall continue until the scheduled vesting dates and be subject to the market performance criteria for the applicable performance period. If Mr. Stockinger's employment with the Company is terminated by us for cause, or if Mr. Stockinger retires or otherwise voluntarily terminates his employment with the Company, the market based performance restricted stock units will be forfeited. If Mr. Stockinger's employment with the Company is terminated due to change of control (as defined under the applicable award agreement), (i) if the award of market based performance restricted stock units is not continued by the Compensation Committee, or not assumed or replaced in an equitable manner to the holder by the successor entity or company after a change of control, then a portion of the market based performance restricted stock units that would have vested as of the applicable scheduled vesting date if the Company were to have achieved the applicable target market price for the applicable performance period shall immediately vest, and (ii) if the award of market based performance restricted stock units is continued by the Compensation Committee, or is assumed or replaced in an equitable manner to the holder by the successor entity or company after a change of control and if Mr. Stockinger's employment is terminated within one year after the date of the occurrence of a change of control by the Company without cause and for reasons other than death or disability or voluntarily, by Mr. Stockinger for good reason, a portion of the market based performance restricted stock units that would have vested as of the applicable scheduled vesting date if the Company were to have achieved the applicable target market price for the applicable performance period shall immediately vest. For time-based restricted shares of common stock granted to Mr. Stockinger in 2017, all unvested shares of restricted stock held by Mr. Stockinger will automatically vest under the terms of the Plan and the award agreement upon a termination by us without cause (as defined under the Plan  and the award agreement), or by Mr. Stockinger for good reason (as defined under the applicable award agreement), or due to death or disability. The amounts are based on the unvested shares held by Mr. Stockinger at December 30, 2018 and the closing price of our common stock on December 28, 2018 of $15.24.
Meisenheimer Agreement
The 2018 Meisenheimer Agreement provides that, upon termination of Mr. Meisenheimer's employment by the Company without Cause (as defined in the 2018 Meisenheimer Agreement) or termination of Mr. Meisenheimer's employment by Mr. Meisenheimer with Good Reason (as defined in the 2018 Meisenheimer Agreement), Mr. Meisenheimer is entitled to (i) an amount equal to one times Mr. Meisenheimer's highest annual base salary in effect prior to the date Mr. Meisenheimer's employment is terminated (plus interest equal to the Prime Rate (as defined in the 2018 Meisenheimer Agreement) plus three percent, with such interest accruing from the date of termination of employment until the date of payment) and (ii) an amount equal to a pro rata portion of the aggregate bonus under the Company's Executive Bonus Plan (as defined in the 2018 Meisenheimer Agreement) to which Mr. Meisenheimer would otherwise have been entitled had his employment not terminated, for the year in which Mr. Meisenheimer's employment is terminated (plus any earned and unpaid bonus amounts under the Company's Executive Bonus Plan for the year prior to the year in which Mr. Meisenheimer's employment is terminated).
The following table summarizes estimated benefits that would have been payable to Mr. Meisenheimer (a) if his employment had been terminated on December 30, 2018 (i) by us without Cause or by Mr. Meisenheimer for Good Reason, (ii) upon disability, (iii) upon death, or (b) upon a change of control of Fiesta Restaurant Group.
[BEGIN TABLE]
     Terminated Without Cause or By Employee for Good Reason     Disability     Death     Change of Control  
 Severance(1)     $   340,000     $   —     $   —     $   —  
 Bonus(2)         —         —         —         —  
 Accrued Vacation(3)         19,615         19,615         19,615         19,615  
 Deferred Compensation Plan(4)         111,513         111,513         111,513         111,513  
 Equity(5)         187,803         426,289         426,289         722,193  
 Total     $   658,931     $   557,417     $   557,417     $   853,321  
[END TABLE]
____________
(1)      Reflects a cash lump sum payment in the amount equal to the base salary in effect at December 30, 2018.
(2)      No bonus earned for the 2018 year.
(3)      Amount represents three weeks of accrued but unpaid vacation as of December 30, 2018 based on the annual salary of $340,000 in effect at December 30, 2018.
(4)      Reflects a cash lump sum payment in the amount value of the Deferred Compensation Plan on December 30, 2018.
(5)      For restricted stock grants in 2017 and 2018, all unvested shares of restricted stock held by the NEO will automatically vest under the terms of the Plan and the applicable award agreement upon a termination by us without cause (as defined under the Plan and the applicable award agreement), or by the NEO for good reason (as defined under the applicable award agreement), or due to death or disability or upon a change of control.
For the restricted stock grants in 2015 and 2016 and for performance stock unit awards, in the event the NEO is terminated by the Company without cause (as defined under the Plan and the applicable award agreement) or the NEO terminates his or her employment for good reason (as defined under the applicable award agreement), the unvested portion of the restricted stock award and performance stock unit awards shall continue to vest on the scheduled vesting dates, provided that the performance criteria set forth in the award agreement is met with regard to each vesting period. For restricted stock grants, all unvested shares of restricted stock held by the NEO will automatically vest under the terms of the Plan and the applicable award agreement upon a termination for death or disability. For performance stock unit awards, upon the NEO's death or disability, a prorated portion of such performance stock unit award that would have vested as of the scheduled vesting date if the Company were to achieve the target performance level for the performance period shall immediately vest. With respect to a change of control of Fiesta Restaurant Group, (i) all unvested shares of restricted stock will automatically vest under the terms of the Plan and the applicable award agreement and (ii) if the performance stock unit awards (a) are not continued by the Compensation Committee, or not assumed or replaced in an equitable manner to the holder by the successor entity or company after a change in control, then such performance stock unit award that would have vested as of the scheduled vesting date if the Company were to achieve the target performance level for the performance period shall immediately vest and (b) are continued by the Compensation Committee, or are assumed or replaced in an equitable manner to the holder by the successor entity or company after a change of control and if the holder  of such performance stock unit award is terminated by the Company for reasons other than cause (as defined under the Plan and the applicable award agreement) or the result of a voluntary termination by the holder, or employment is terminated by the holder for good reason (as defined under the applicable award agreement) within one year of the date of the change of control, such performance stock unit award that would have vested as of the scheduled vesting date if the Company were to achieve the target performance level for the performance period shall immediately vest. For purposes of the table above under the column, "Change of Control" it is assumed that the performance stock unit awards have vested at the target performance level.
For the market-based performance restricted stock units granted to the NEO in 2017 and 2018, if the NEO's employment with the Company terminates due to death or disability prior to the end of a performance period, a portion of the units shall immediately vest. The number of units that will vest is calculated as the number of units that would vest as of the applicable scheduled vesting date, if the Company were to achieve the applicable target stock price for the applicable performance period, multiplied by a fraction. The numerator of the fraction is the number of days between the grant date and the date the NEO's employment ended, and the denominator is the number of days in the applicable performance period. If the NEO's employment with the Company is terminated by us without cause (as defined under the applicable award agreement) or by the NEO for good reason (as defined under the applicable award agreement), the market performance-based restricted stock units shall continue until the scheduled vesting dates and be subject to the market performance criteria for the applicable performance period. If the NEO's employment with the Company is terminated due to change in control (as defined under the Plan) (i) if, pending the change in control, the Compensation Committee determines that the award of market based performance restricted stock units will not continue after the change in control or that the successor entity (or its parent) will not agree to provide for the assumption or replacement of the award of market based performance restricted stock units with a comparable equity-based award covering shares of the successor entity (or its parent) that would equitably preserve the compensation element of the award of market based performance restricted stock units at the time of the change in control, then a portion of the market based performance restricted stock units shall vest and be settled within 30 days of the date of the Compensation Committee action to accelerate vesting. That portion shall be equal to the number of market based performance restricted stock units that would vest as of the scheduled vesting date if the Company were to achieve the target market price for the performance period and (ii) if, in connection with the change in control, (i) above is not applicable and the award of market based performance restricted stock units is continued, assumed or replaced in the manner described in (i) above and if within one year after that change in control the NEO's employment with the Company (or with any successor entity) is terminated by the Company for reasons other than cause or the result of a voluntary termination by the NEO, or employment is terminated by the NEO for good reason then, a portion of the market based performance restricted stock units shall immediately vest and be settled within 30 days after the date of the NEO's termination of employment. That portion shall be equal to the number of market based performance restricted stock units that would vest as of the scheduled vesting date if the Company were to achieve the target market price for the performance period.
The amount is based on the unvested shares held by the NEO at December 30, 2018 and the closing price of our common stock on December 28, 2018 of $15.24.
Former Chief Financial Officer and Other Named Executive Officers
Schweinfurth Letter Agreement, Mayer Agreement, Locke Agreement and Dinkins Agreement
Each of the Schweinfurth Letter Agreement, the Mayer Agreement, Locke Agreement and the Dinkins Agreement provides that upon a termination of Ms. Schweinfurth's, Ms. Mayer's, Mr. Locke's or Mr. Dinkins', as applicable, employment by the Company without Cause (as defined in the applicable agreement) or termination of such executive's employment by such executive with Good Reason (as defined the applicable agreement), such executive is entitled to (i) an amount equal to one times such executive's highest annual base salary in effect prior to the date such executive's employment is terminated (plus interest equal to the Prime Rate (as defined in the applicable agreement) plus three percent, with such interest accruing from the date of termination of employment until the date of payment) and (ii) an amount equal to a pro rata portion of the aggregate bonus under the Company's Executive Bonus Plan (as defined in the applicable agreement) for the year in which such executive's employment is terminated (plus any earned and unpaid bonus amounts under the Company's Executive Bonus Plan for the year prior to the year in which such executive's employment is terminated). The following table summarizes estimated benefits that would have been payable to Ms. Schweinfurth (a) if her employment had been terminated on December 30, 2018 (i) by us without Cause or by Ms. Schweinfurth for Good Reason, (ii) upon disability, (iii) upon death, or (b) upon a change of control of Fiesta Restaurant Group.
[BEGIN TABLE]
     Terminated Without Cause or by Employee for Good Reason     Disability     Death     Change of  Control  
 Severance(1)     $   370,000     $   —     $   —     $   —  
 Bonus(2)         —         —         —         —  
 Accrued Vacation(3)         21,346         21,346         21,346         21,346  
 Deferred Compensation Plan(4)         408,622         408,622         408,622         408,622  
 Equity(5)         307,330         697,576         697,576         1,181,786  
 Total     $   1,107,298     $   1,127,544     $   1,127,544     $   1,611,754  
[END TABLE]
____________
(1)      Reflects a cash lump sum payment in the amount equal to one year of base salary in effect at December 30, 2018.
(2)      No bonus earned for 2018 year.
(3)      Amount represents three weeks of accrued but unpaid vacation as of December 30, 2018 based on the annual salary of $370,000 in effect at December 30, 2018.
(4)      Reflects a cash lump sum payment in the amount value of the Deferred Compensation Plan on December 30, 2018.
(5)      For restricted stock grants in 2017 and 2018, all unvested shares of restricted stock held by the NEO will automatically vest under the terms of the Plan and the applicable award agreement upon a termination by us without cause (as defined under the Plan and the applicable award agreement), or by the NEO for good reason (as defined under the applicable award agreement), or due to death or disability or upon a change of control.
For the restricted stock grant in 2015 and 2016 and for performance stock unit awards, in the event the NEO is terminated by the Company without cause (as defined under the Plan and the applicable award agreement) or the NEO terminates his or her employment for good reason (as defined under the applicable award agreement), the unvested portion of the restricted stock award and performance stock unit awards shall continue to vest on the scheduled vesting dates, provided that the performance criteria set forth in the award agreement is met with regard to each vesting period. For restricted stock grants, all unvested shares of restricted stock held by the NEO will automatically vest under the terms of the Plan and the applicable award agreement upon a termination for death or disability. For performance stock unit awards, upon the NEO's death or disability, a prorated portion of such performance stock unit award that would have vested as of the scheduled vesting date if the Company were to achieve the target performance level for the performance period shall immediately vest. With respect to a change of control of Fiesta Restaurant Group, (i) all unvested shares of restricted stock will automatically vest under the terms of the Plan and the applicable award agreement and (ii) if the performance stock unit awards (a) are not continued by the Compensation Committee, or not assumed or replaced in an equitable manner to the holder by the successor entity or company after a change in control, then such performance stock unit award that would have vested as of the scheduled vesting date if the Company were to achieve the target performance level for the performance period shall immediately vest and (b) are continued by the Compensation Committee, or are assumed or replaced in an equitable manner to the holder by the successor entity or company after a change of control and if the holder of such performance stock unit award is terminated by the Company for reasons other than cause (as defined under the Plan and the applicable award agreement) or the result of a voluntary termination by the holder, or employment is terminated by the holder for good reason (as defined under the applicable award agreement) within one year of the date of the change of control, such performance stock unit award that would have vested as of the scheduled vesting date if the Company were to achieve the target performance level for the performance period shall immediately vest. For purposes of the table above under the column, "Change of Control" it is assumed that the performance stock unit awards have vested at the target performance level.
For the market performance-based restricted stock units granted to the NEO in 2017 and 2018, if the NEO's employment with the Company terminates due to death or disability prior to the end of a performance period, a portion of the units shall immediately vest. The number of units that will vest is calculated as the number of units that would vest as of the applicable scheduled vesting date, if the Company were to achieve the applicable target stock price for the applicable performance period, multiplied by a fraction. The numerator of the fraction is the number of days between the grant date and the date the NEO's employment ended, and the denominator is the number of days in the applicable performance period. If the NEO's employment with the Company is terminated by us without cause (as defined under the applicable award agreement) or by the NEO for good reason (as defined under the applicable award agreement), the market performance-based restricted stock units shall continue until the scheduled vesting dates and be subject to the market performance criteria for the applicable performance period. If the NEO's employment with the Company is terminated due to change in control (as defined in the applicable award agreement) (i) if, pending the change in control, the Compensation Committee determines that the award of market based performance restricted stock units will not continue after the change in control or that the successor entity (or its parent) will not agree to provide for the assumption or replacement of the award of market based performance restricted  stock units with a comparable equity-based award covering shares of the successor entity (or its parent) that would equitably preserve the compensation element of the award of market based performance restricted stock units at the time of the change in control, then a portion of the market based performance restricted stock units shall vest and be settled within 30 days of the date of the Compensation Committee action to accelerate vesting. That portion shall be equal to the number of market based performance restricted stock units that would vest as of the scheduled vesting date if the Company were to achieve the target market price for the performance period and (ii) if, in connection with the change in control, (i) above is not applicable and the award of market based performance restricted stock units is continued, assumed or replaced in the manner described in (i) above and if within one year after that change in control the NEO's employment with the Company (or with any successor entity) is terminated by the Company for reasons other than cause or the result of a voluntary termination by the NEO, or employment is terminated by the NEO for good reason then, a portion of the market based performance restricted stock units shall immediately vest and be settled within 30 days after the date of the NEO's termination of employment. That portion shall be equal to the number of market based performance restricted stock units that would vest as of the scheduled vesting date if the Company were to achieve the target market price for the performance period.
The amount is based on the unvested shares held by the NEO at December 30, 2018 and the closing price of our common stock on December 28, 2018 of $15.24.
The following table summarizes estimated benefits that would have been payable to Mr. Locke (a) if his employment had been terminated on December 30, 2018 (i) by us without Cause or by Mr. Locke for Good Reason, (ii) upon disability, (iii) upon death, or (b) upon a change of control of Fiesta Restaurant Group.
[BEGIN TABLE]
     Terminated Without Cause or By Employee for Good Reason     Disability     Death     Change of  Control  
 Severance(1)     $   325,000     $   —     $   —     $   —  
 Bonus(2)         —         —         —         —  
 Accrued Vacation(3)         18,750         18,750         18,750         18,750  
 Deferred Compensation Plan(4)         —         —         —         —  
 Equity(5)         91,699         166,991         166,991         366,766  
 Total     $   435,449     $   185,741     $   185,741     $   385,516  
[END TABLE]
____________
(1)      Reflects a cash lump sum payment in the amount equal to one year of base salary in effect at December 30, 2018.
(2)      No bonus was earned in 2018.
(3)      Amount represents three weeks of accrued but unpaid vacation as of December 30, 2018 based on the annual salary of $325,000 in effect at December 30, 2018.
(4)      Mr. Locke did not participate in the deferred compensation plan.
(5)      For the market performance-based restricted stock units granted to the NEO, if the NEO's employment with the Company terminates due to death or disability prior to the end of a performance period, a portion of the units shall immediately vest. The number of units that will vest is calculated as the number of units that would vest as of the applicable scheduled vesting date, if the Company were to achieve the applicable target stock price for the applicable performance period, multiplied by a fraction. The numerator of the fraction is the number of days between the grant date and the date the NEO's employment ended, and the denominator is the number of days in the applicable performance period. If the NEO's employment with the Company is terminated by us without cause (as defined under the applicable award agreement) or by the NEO for good reason (as defined under the applicable award agreement), the market performance-based restricted stock units shall continue until the scheduled vesting dates and be subject to the market performance criteria for the applicable performance period. If the NEO's employment with the Company is terminated due to change in control (as defined in the applicable award agreement) (i) if, pending the change in control, the Compensation Committee determines that the award of market based performance restricted stock units will not continue after the change in control or that the successor entity (or its parent) will not agree to provide for the assumption or replacement of the award of market based performance restricted stock units with a comparable equity-based award covering shares of the successor entity (or its parent) that would equitably preserve the compensation element of the award of market based performance restricted stock units at the time of the change in control, then a portion of the market based performance restricted stock units shall vest and be settled within 30 days of the date of the Compensation Committee action to accelerate vesting. That portion shall be equal to the number of market based performance restricted stock units that would vest as of the scheduled vesting date if the Company were to achieve the target market price for the performance period and (ii) if, in connection with the change in control, (i) above is not applicable and the award of market based performance restricted stock units is continued, assumed or replaced in the manner described in (i) above and if within one year after that change in control the NEO's employment with the Company (or with any successor entity) is terminated by the Company for reasons other than cause or the result of a voluntary termination by the NEO, or employment is terminated by the NEO for good reason then, a  portion of the market based performance restricted stock units shall immediately vest and be settled within 30 days after the date of the NEO's termination of employment. That portion shall be equal to the number of market-based performance restricted stock units that would vest as of the scheduled vesting date if the Company were to achieve the target market price for the performance period.
The amount is based on the unvested shares held by the NEO at December 30, 2018 and the closing price of our common stock on December 28, 2018 of $15.24.
The following table summarizes estimated benefits that would have been payable to Mr. Dinkins (a) if his employment had been terminated on December 30, 2018 (i) by us without Cause or by Mr. Dinkins for Good Reason, (ii) upon disability, (iii) upon death, or (b) upon a change of control of Fiesta Restaurant Group.
[BEGIN TABLE]
     Terminated Without Cause or By Employee for Good Reason     Disability     Death     Change of  Control  
 Severance(1)     $   275,000         —     $   —     $   —$  
 Bonus(2)         —                          
 Accrued Vacation(3)         15,685         15,685         15,685         15,685  
 Deferred Compensation Plan(4)         —                          
 Equity(5)         77,434         141,013         141,013         309,707  
 Total     $   368,119     $   156,698     $   156,698     $   325,392  
[END TABLE]
____________
(1)      Reflects a cash lump sum payment in the amount equal to one year of base salary in effect at December 30, 2018.
(2)      No bonus was earned in 2018.
(3)      Amount represents three weeks of accrued but unpaid vacation as of December 30, 2018 based on the annual salary of $275,000 in effect at December 30, 2018.
(4)      Mr. Dinkins did not participate in the deferred compensation plan.
(5)      For the market performance-based restricted stock units granted to the NEO, if the NEO's employment with the Company terminates due to death or disability prior to the end of a performance period, a portion of the units shall immediately vest. The number of units that will vest is calculated as the number of units that would vest as of the applicable scheduled vesting date, if the Company were to achieve the applicable target stock price for the applicable performance period, multiplied by a fraction. The numerator of the fraction is the number of days between the grant date and the date the NEO's employment ended, and the denominator is the number of days in the applicable performance period. If the NEO's employment with the Company is terminated by us without cause (as defined under the applicable award agreement) or by the NEO for good reason (as defined under the applicable award agreement), the market performance-based restricted stock units shall continue until the scheduled vesting dates and be subject to the market performance criteria for the applicable performance period. If the NEO's employment with the Company is terminated due to change in control (as defined in the applicable award agreement) (i) if, pending the change in control, the Compensation Committee determines that the award of market based performance restricted stock units will not continue after the change in control or that the successor entity (or its parent) will not agree to provide for the assumption or replacement of the award of market based performance restricted stock units with a comparable equity-based award covering shares of the successor entity (or its parent) that would equitably preserve the compensation element of the award of market based performance restricted stock units at the time of the change in control, then a portion of the market based performance restricted stock units shall vest and be settled within 30 days of the date of the Compensation Committee action to accelerate vesting. That portion shall be equal to the number of market based performance restricted stock units that would vest as of the scheduled vesting date if the Company were to achieve the target market price for the performance period and (ii) if, in connection with the change in control, (i) above is not applicable and the award of market based performance restricted stock units is continued, assumed or replaced in the manner described in (i) above and if within one year after that change in control the NEO's employment with the Company (or with any successor entity) is terminated by the Company for reasons other than cause or the result of a voluntary termination by the NEO, or employment is terminated by the NEO for good reason then, a portion of the market based performance restricted stock units shall immediately vest and be settled within 30 days after the date of the NEO's termination of employment. That portion shall be equal to the number of market-based performance restricted stock units that would vest as of the scheduled vesting date if the Company were to achieve the target market price for the performance period.
The amount is based on the unvested shares held by the NEO at December 30, 2018 and the closing price of our common stock on December 28, 2018 of $15.24. The following table summarizes benefits payable to Ms. Mayer as of December 14, 2018, the effective date on which Ms. Mayer was no longer employed with the Company.
[BEGIN TABLE]
     Termination at December 14, 2018  
 Severance(1)     $   325,000  
 Bonus         195,000  
 Accrued Vacation(2)         10,940  
 Deferred Compensation Plan(3)         —  
 Equity(4)         99,341  
 Total     $   630,281  
[END TABLE]
____________
(1)      Reflects a cash lump sum payment in the amount equal to one year of base salary in effect at December 14, 2018.
(2)      Amount represents accrued but unpaid vacation as of December 14, 2018.
(3)      Ms. Mayer did not participate in the deferred compensation plan for 2018.
(4)      Represents the value of 6,017 restricted shares of common stock that accelerated and vested on December 14, 2018, the date of Ms. Mayer's termination of employment with the Company, based on the closing price of our common stock of $16.51 on such date. DIRECTOR COMPENSATION
The following table summarizes the compensation we paid to our non-employee directors during the fiscal year ended December 30, 2018. Compensation information for Richard Stockinger is set forth in the Summary Compensation Table above.
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Name     Fees  Earned or  Paid in  Cash(1)  ($)     Stock  Award(2)  ($)     Option  Award  ($)     Non-Equity  Incentive Plan  Compensation ($)     Nonqualified  Deferred  Compensation  Earnings ($)     All Other  Compensation  ($)     Total  ($)  
 Stacey Rauch     $    75,000     $   95,004     —     —     —     —     $   170,004  
 Barry J. Alperin     $    62,500     $   75,012     —     —     —     —     $   137,512  
 Nicholas Daraviras     $    55,000     $   75,012     —     —     —     —     $   130,012  
 Stephen P. Elker     $    67,500     $   75,012     —     —     —     —     $   142,512  
 Brian P. Friedman     $    55,000     $   75,012     —     —     —     —     $   130,012  
 Sherrill Kaplan(3)         —     $   100,011     —     —     —     —     $   100,011  
 Jack A. Smith(4)     $   20,947         —     —     —     —     —     $   20,947  
 Paul E. Twohig     $    67,500     $   75,012     —     —     —     —     $   142,512  
 Nicholas P. Shepherd     $    58,750     $   75,012     —     —     —     —     $   133,762  
[END TABLE]
____________
(1)      The amounts listed in this column include the payment of director fees.
(2)      On May 2, 2018, Mr. Friedman, Mr. Elker, Mr. Daraviras, Mr. Shepherd, Mr. Twohig, and Mr. Alperin were each granted 3,572 restricted shares of common stock valued at $21.00 per share under the Plan. On May 2, 2018, Ms. Rauch was granted 4,524 restricted shares of common stock valued at $21.00 per share under the Plan. The restricted common stock granted to Ms. Rauch, Mr. Friedman, Mr. Elker, Mr. Daraviras, Mr. Alperin, Mr. Shepherd and Mr. Twohig fully vests on the first anniversary of the grant date. The amounts shown in this column represent the fair value of restricted common stock granted and approved by the Compensation Committee and is consistent with the grant date fair value of the award computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. There were no forfeitures in 2018 by these individuals.
(3)      Ms. Kaplan began serving as a director on November 14, 2018. On November 14, 2018, Ms. Kaplan was granted 5,190 restricted shares of common stock valued at $19.27 per share under the Plan.
(4)      Mr. Smith served as our director until May 2, 2018.
We use a combination of cash and stock-based compensation to attract and retain qualified non-employee directors to serve on our board of directors. The members of our board of directors, except for any member who is an executive officer or employee, each will receive a fee for serving on our board or board committees. Non-employee directors will receive compensation for board service as follows:
• Our board members each receive an annual retainer of $50,000 for serving as a director, except that the Chairman of our board of directors receives an annual retainer of $65,000.
• The Chairman of our Audit Committee receives an additional fee of $15,000 per year and each other member of our Audit Committee receives an additional fee of $7,500 per year.
• The Chairman of our Compensation Committee receives an additional fee of $10,000 per year and each other member of our Compensation Committee receives an additional fee of $5,000, per year.
• The Chairman of our Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee receives an additional fee of $5,000 per year and each other member of our Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee receives an additional fee of $2,500.
• On the date of our 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, each non-executive member of our board of directors received a number of shares of our restricted common stock having an aggregate fair market value (as such term is defined in the Plan) of $75,012 on the date of grant, which will fully vest on the first anniversary of the date of grant, other than the Chairman of our board of directors who received a number of shares of our restricted common stock having an aggregate fair market value (as such term is defined in the Plan) of $95,004.• Members of our board of directors do not receive separate attendance fees for attending meetings. All directors are reimbursed for all reasonable expenses they incur while acting as directors, including as members of any committee of our board of directors.
• If any Special Committees are created during the year, the chairman of such committee receives a retainer of $7,500 per annum (prorated for the time that the committee is active), and each non-executive member of the board serving on such Special Committee receives a retainer of $2,500 per annum (prorated for the time that the committee is active).
• Pursuant to the Plan, upon becoming a director, any future director will receive a number of shares of our restricted common stock having an aggregate fair market value (as defined in the Plan) of $100,000 which will vest in equal installments over five years.
Board of Directors Stock Ownership Guidelines
Members of our board of directors are expected to acquire and continue to hold shares of our Common Stock having an aggregate market value which equals or exceeds three times the annual retainer paid to a director within five years of being named a director. Only actual shares owned by each director including direct and indirect ownership as reported to the SEC, count toward compliance with these guidelines.
Pay Ratio Disclosure
As required by Section 953(b) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, and Item 402(u) of Regulation S-K, we are providing the following information about the ratio of the median annual total compensation of our employees (other than our CEO) and the annual total compensation of our CEO. This pay ratio is a reasonable estimate calculated in accordance with applicable SEC rules based on our payroll and employment records and the methodology described below.
The employee that was used to calculate our 2017 pay ratio disclosure remained employed with us throughout 2018. There were no material changes to this employee's role within the Company and our overall employee population and therefore we utilized the same median employee with respect to our 2018 pay ratio disclosure. We determined our median employee based on 2017 total compensation of our temporary employees and annualized total compensation of our part-time and full-time employees who were employed on December 17, 2017, other than our CEO. Our median employee was a part-time employee who was hired in October 2017 and worked a total of 1,577.6 hours on an annualized basis in 2017 and 1,650.8 hours in 2018. Our CEO, who began serving in such capacity beginning on February 28, 2017, received sign-on equity share awards in 2017 with a grant date fair value of $2,432,735. This sign-on equity is intended to represent awards for fiscal years 2017 to 2020. Commencing with the Company's 2021 fiscal year (or such earlier time as may be determined by the Compensation Committee in its sole discretion), Mr. Stockinger will be entitled to receive additional long-term incentive awards as determined by the Compensation Committee. Mr. Stockinger did not receive any additional long-term incentive awards in 2018.
To identify the median employee, we used W-2 gross earnings (Box 5) for 2017 for our temporary employees and annualized W-2 gross earnings (Box 5) for 2017 for our part-time and full-time employees. We did not apply a cost of living differential for the purpose of selecting the median employee or the CEO comparison. For purposes of identifying the median employee, we annualized such median employee's total compensation based on the number of days such median employee was employed during the pay periods included in the 2017 W-2.
Hourly part-time team members are the overwhelming majority of the Company's employee population.
Based on the foregoing, for our 2018 fiscal year our estimate of the ratio of the annual total compensation of our CEO, which does not reflect the sign-on equity award granted in 2017 (notwithstanding the fact that it is intended to represent awards for fiscal years 2017 to 2020), to the median of the annualized total compensation of all our other employees is as follows:
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Median employee total annual compensation     $   14,687  
 CEO total annual compensation     $   550,000  
 Ratio         37.44:1  
[END TABLE]
 Based on the foregoing, for our 2018 fiscal year our estimate of the ratio of the annual total compensation of our CEO, which reflects 1/4th of the sign-on equity award granted in 2017 (the amount which is allocable to 2018), to the median of the annualized total compensation of all our other employees is as follows:
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Median employee total compensation     $   14,687  
 CEO total annual compensation     $   1,158,184  
 Ratio         78.86:1  
[END TABLE]
Given the different methodologies that various public companies will use to determine an estimate of their pay ratio, the estimated ratio reported above should not be used as a basis for comparison between companies. PROPOSAL 2 — ADVISORY VOTE TO APPROVE THE COMPENSATION OF THE  COMPANY'S NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AS DESCRIBED IN THIS  PROXY STATEMENT UNDER "EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION"
We are providing our shareholders an opportunity to cast a vote to approve, on an advisory (non-binding) basis, the compensation of our Named Executive Officers as described in this Proxy Statement under "Executive Compensation".
The Compensation Committee continually reviews the compensation programs for our Named Executive Officers to ensure they achieve the desired goals of encouraging and rewarding executives to contribute to the achievement of the Company's business objectives and to attract, retain and motivate talented executives to perform at the highest level and contribute significantly to the Company's success. The program is intended to align the interests of the Named Executive Officers with those of shareholders, provide an appropriate and balanced mix of short-term and long-term compensation elements, and reward the achievement of performance measures that are directly related to the Company's financial goals.
The Compensation Committee believes that the amounts of 2018 actual total compensation for the Named Executive Officers are consistent with these objectives. The compensation of the Named Executive Officers is described in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, the compensation tables and the accompanying narrative on pages 22 to 29 of this Proxy Statement. The Compensation Discussion and Analysis section and the accompanying tables and narrative provide a comprehensive review of the Company's executive compensation program and its elements, objectives and rationale. Shareholders are urged to read this disclosure before voting on this proposal.
We are asking our shareholders to indicate their support for our Named Executive Officers' compensation as described in this Proxy Statement under "Executive Compensation". This proposal, commonly known as a "say-on-pay" proposal, gives our shareholders the opportunity to express their views on our Named Executive Officers' compensation. The Company is open to receiving feedback from shareholders, and currently provides shareholders with the opportunity to cast an advisory vote to approve our Named Executive Officer's compensation every year. This vote is not intended to address any specific item of compensation, but rather the overall compensation of our Named Executive Officers and the philosophy, policies and practices described in this Proxy Statement. Accordingly, we will ask our shareholders to vote "FOR" the following non-binding resolution at the 2019 Annual Meeting. For the reasons stated above, the board is requesting approval of the following non-binding resolution:
RESOLVED, that the shareholders of Fiesta Restaurant Group, Inc. (the "Company") approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of the Company's Named Executive Officers as disclosed in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, the Summary Compensation Table and the related compensation tables, notes and narrative in the Proxy Statement for the Company's 2019 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.
This advisory resolution will be considered approved if it receives an affirmative vote of the majority of the shares present at the 2019 Annual Meeting and entitled to vote on the subject matter. The shareholder vote on this proposal will be non-binding on the Company and the board and will not be construed as overruling a decision by the Company or the board. However, the board and the Compensation Committee value the opinions that shareholders express in their votes and will consider the outcome of the vote when making future executive compensation decisions as they deem appropriate.
The board of directors recommends a vote FOR the approval of the non-binding resolution on the compensation of the Company's Named Executive Officers as described in this Proxy Statement under "Executive Compensation". Proxies received in response to this solicitation will be voted FOR the approval of the non-binding resolution on the compensation of the Company's Named Executive Officers as described in this Proxy Statement under "Executive Compensation" unless otherwise specified in the proxy. PROPOSAL 3 — RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
The Audit Committee has selected Deloitte & Touche LLP as the independent registered public accounting firm to audit and report upon the consolidated financial statements of the Company for the fiscal year ending December 29, 2019. Although shareholder ratification of the board's action in this respect is not required, the board considers it desirable for shareholders to pass upon the selection of auditors and, if the shareholders disapprove of the selection, intends to reconsider the selection of the independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 29, 2019.
A representative of Deloitte & Touche LLP is expected to be present at the 2019 Annual Meeting and will have the opportunity to make a statement if so desired and is expected to be available to respond to appropriate questions from shareholders.
The majority of the shares present at the 2019 Annual Meeting and entitled to vote on the subject matter is required to ratify the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 29, 2019.
The board of directors recommends a vote FOR the ratification of the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 29, 2019. Proxies received in response to this solicitation will be voted FOR the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 29, 2019 unless otherwise specified in the proxy.
Fees for Professional Services
The following table sets forth the aggregate fees billed to us for the fiscal years ended December 30, 2018 and December 31, 2017 by our independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte & Touche LLP:
[BEGIN TABLE]
     Fiscal Year Ended,  
     December 30 2018     December 31, 2017  
     (Amount in the thousands)  
 Audit Fees(1)     $   725     $   703  
 Audit-Related Fees(2)         —         —  
 Total Audit and Audit Related Fees         725         703  
 Total     $   725     $   703  
[END TABLE]
____________
(1)      Audit fees represents the aggregate fees billed or to be billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual consolidated financial statements, review of interim quarterly financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and for the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting.
(2)      Audit-related fees shown include fees for assurance and related services that are traditionally performed by independent auditors.
Policy on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Services Provided by Deloitte & Touche LLP
The Audit Committee has established policies and procedures regarding pre-approval of all services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm. The Audit Committee preapproves all audit and non-audit services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm, other than de minimis non-audit services, and shall not engage the independent registered public accounting firm to perform the specific non-audit services proscribed by law or regulation. The Audit Committee may form one or more subcommittees, each of which shall take such actions as shall be delegated by the Audit Committee; provided, however, the decisions of any Audit Committee member to whom pre-approval authority is delegated must be presented to the full Audit Committee at its next scheduled meeting. ANNUAL MEETING PROCEDURES
Annual Meeting Admission
Only Fiesta Restaurant Group shareholders or their duly authorized and constituted proxies may attend the 2019 Annual Meeting. Proof of ownership of our common stock must be presented in order to be admitted to the 2019 Annual Meeting. If your shares are held in the name of a bank, broker or other holder of record and you plan to attend the 2019 Annual Meeting in person, you must bring a brokerage statement, the proxy card mailed to you by your bank or broker or other proof of ownership as of the close of business on March 4, 2019, the record date, to be admitted to the 2019 Annual Meeting. Otherwise, proper documentation of a duly authorized and constituted proxy must be presented. This proof can be: a brokerage statement or letter from a broker, bank or other nominee indicating ownership on the record date, a proxy card, or a valid, legal proxy provided by your broker, bank or other nominee.
After the chairman of the meeting opens the 2019 Annual Meeting, further entry will be prohibited. No cameras, recording equipment, electronic devices, large bags, briefcases or packages will be permitted in the 2019 Annual Meeting. The use of mobile phones during the 2019 Annual Meeting is also prohibited. All persons attending the 2019 Annual Meeting will be required to present a valid government-issued picture identification, such as a driver's license, state-issued ID card or passport, to gain admittance to the 2019 Annual Meeting.
Who Can Vote, Outstanding Shares
Holders of record of our common stock at the close of business on March 4, 2019 may vote at the 2019 Annual Meeting. As of March 4, 2019, we had 27,167,117 shares of our common stock outstanding and each entitled to one vote. A majority, or 13,583,559, of these shares, present in person or represented by proxy at this meeting, will constitute a quorum for the transaction of business.
Voting Procedures
You can vote by attending the 2019 Annual Meeting and voting in person, or you can vote by proxy. If you are the record holder of your stock, you can vote in the following four ways:
By Internet:    You may vote by submitting a proxy over the Internet. Please refer to the notice, proxy card or voting instruction form provided to you by your broker for instructions of how to vote by Internet.
By Telephone:    Shareholders located in the United States may vote by submitting a proxy by telephone by calling the toll-free telephone number on your notice, proxy card or voting instruction form and following the instructions.
By Mail:    If you received proxy materials by mail, you can vote by submitting a proxy by mail by marking, dating, signing and returning the proxy card in the postage-paid envelope.
In Person at the 2019 Annual Meeting:    If you attend the 2019 Annual Meeting, you may deliver your completed proxy card in person or you may vote by completing a ballot, which we will provide to you at the 2019 Annual Meeting. You are encouraged to complete, sign and date the proxy card and submit your proxy in advance over the Internet, by telephone or by mail regardless of whether or not you plan to attend the 2019 Annual Meeting.
If you hold your shares of common stock in "street name," meaning such shares are held for your account by a broker, bank or other nominee, then you will receive instructions from such institution or person on how to vote your shares. Your broker, bank or other nominee will allow you to deliver your voting instructions via the Internet and may also permit you to submit your voting instructions by telephone.
Proxy
The shares represented by proxies will be voted in accordance with the directions made thereon at the 2019 Annual Meeting, but if no direction is given and you do not revoke your proxy, your proxy will be voted: FOR the election of the eight named director nominees (Proposal 1); FOR, on an advisory basis, the approval of the non-binding resolution on the compensation of the Company's Named Executive Officers as described in the Proxy Statement under  "Executive Compensation," (Proposal 2); and FOR the ratification of the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP as the independent registered public accounting firm of the Company for the 2019 fiscal year (Proposal 3).
The board is not aware of any matters that are expected to come before the 2019 Annual Meeting other than those described in this Proxy Statement. If any other matter should be presented at the 2019 Annual Meeting upon which a vote may be properly taken, shares represented by all proxies received by the board will be voted with respect thereto at the discretion of the persons named thereon as proxies.
Record Date
Only holders of record of common stock at the close of business on March 4, 2019 will be entitled to notice of and to vote at the 2019 Annual Meeting.
Quorum
A majority of the outstanding shares of common stock, present in person or represented by proxy at the 2019 Annual Meeting, will constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. Votes withheld, abstentions and broker non-votes will be counted as present or represented for purposes of determining the presence or absence of a quorum for this meeting. In the absence of a quorum, the 2019 Annual Meeting may be adjourned by a majority of the votes entitled to be cast represented either in person or by proxy.
Required Vote
As a holder of our common stock, you are entitled to one vote per share on any matter submitted to a vote of the shareholders.
Proposal 1 will be decided by the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of common stock voting with respect to such nominee. Proposals 2, 3 and 4 will be decided by the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes present in person or represented by proxy. A shareholder over the Internet, by telephone, or by mail can vote "FOR," "AGAINST" or "ABSTAIN" on these proposals. Each of Proposals 1, 2, 3 and 4 will pass if the total votes cast "for" a given proposal exceed the total number of votes cast "against" and "abstain" on such given proposal.
THE BOARD UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS VOTING FOR THE ELECTION OF EACH OF THE BOARD'S NOMINEES ON PROPOSAL 1 AND FOR PROPOSALS 2 and 3.
Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes
If you are a beneficial owner holding your shares in "street name" and you do not provide voting instructions to your bank, broker, trustee or other nominee holding shares of our common stock for you, your shares of common stock will not be voted with respect to any proposal for which the shareholder of record does not have "discretionary" authority to vote. You are deemed to beneficially own your shares in "street name" if your shares are held in an account at a brokerage firm, bank, broker-dealer, trust or other similar organization. If this is the case, you will receive a separate voting instruction form with this Proxy Statement from such organization. As the beneficial owner, you have the right to direct your broker, bank, trustee, or nominee how to vote your shares. If you hold your shares in street name and do not provide voting instructions to your broker, bank, trustee or nominee, your shares will not be voted on any proposals on which such party does not have discretionary authority to vote (a "broker non-vote"). Broker "non-votes" are not counted in the tabulations of the votes cast or present at the meeting and entitled to vote on any of the proposals and therefore will have no effect on the outcome of the proposals.
We encourage you to provide voting instructions on the proxy card or a provided voting instruction form to the bank, broker, trustee or other nominee that holds your shares by carefully following the instructions provided in their notice to you. Revocability of Proxy
A shareholder of record who has properly executed and delivered a proxy may revoke such proxy at any time before the 2019 Annual Meeting in any of the four following ways:
• timely complete and return a new proxy card bearing a later date;
• vote on a later date by using the Internet or telephone;
• deliver a written notice to our Secretary prior to the 2019 Annual Meeting by any means, including facsimile, stating that your proxy is revoked; or
• attend the 2019 Annual Meeting and vote in person.
If your shares are held of record by a bank, broker, trustee or other nominee and you desire to vote at the 2019 Annual Meeting, you may change your vote by submitting new voting instructions to your broker in accordance with such broker's procedures.
Appraisal Rights
Holders of shares of common stock do not have appraisal rights under Delaware law in connection with this proxy solicitation.
Shareholder List
A list of our shareholders as of the close of business on March 4, 2019 will be available for inspection during business hours for ten days prior to the 2019 Annual Meeting at our principal executive offices located at 14800 Landmark Boulevard, Suite 500, Dallas, TX 75254.
Communications with the Board
Any shareholder or other interested party who desires to communicate with the chair of our board of directors or any of the other members of the board of directors may do so by writing to: Board of Directors, c/o Stacey Rauch, Chair of the Board of Directors, Fiesta Restaurant Group, Inc., 14800 Landmark Boulevard, Suite 500, Dallas, Texas 75254 or through the Company's website, www.frgi.com, under the Investor Relations link. Communications may be addressed to the Chair of the board, an individual director, a board committee, the non-management directors, or the full board. Communications will then be distributed to the appropriate directors unless the Chair determines that the information submitted constitutes "spam," offensive or inappropriate material, and/or communications offering to buy or sell products or services.
Other Matters
If you have any questions, or if you need additional copies of the proxy materials, please contact Louis DiPietro, Senior Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary by mail at 7255 Corporate Center Dr., Suite C, Miami Florida 33126 or by telephone at (305) 671-1257.
IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS FOR THE 2019 ANNUAL MEETING TO BE HELD ON APRIL 30, 2019: THE PROXY STATEMENT FOR THE 2019 ANNUAL MEETING AND OUR 2018 ANNUAL REPORT ARE AVAILABLE FREE OF CHARGE AT WWW.PROXYVOTE.COM. OTHER INFORMATION
Costs of Solicitation
We are required by law to convene an annual meeting of shareholders at which directors are elected. Because our shares are widely held, it would be impractical for our shareholders to meet physically in sufficient numbers to hold a meeting. Accordingly, the Company is soliciting proxies from our shareholders. United States federal securities laws require us to send you this Proxy Statement, and any amendments and supplements thereto, and to specify the information required to be contained in it. The Company will bear the expenses of calling and holding the 2019 Annual Meeting and the solicitation of proxies therefor. These costs will include, among other items, the expense of preparing, assembling, printing and mailing the proxy materials to shareholders of record and beneficial owners, and reimbursements paid to brokerage firms, banks and other fiduciaries for their reasonable out-of pocket expenses for forwarding proxy materials to shareholders and obtaining beneficial owner's voting instructions. In addition to soliciting proxies by mail, directors, officers and employees may solicit proxies on behalf of the board, without additional compensation, personally or by telephone. We may also solicit proxies by email from shareholders who are our employees or who previously requested to receive proxy materials electronically.
Other Matters
Shareholder proposals intended for inclusion in our proxy statement relating to the Annual Meeting of Shareholders in 2020 must be received by us no later than November 22, 2019. Any such proposal must comply with Rule 14a-8 of Regulation 14A of the proxy rules of the SEC. The proxy or proxies designated by us will have discretionary authority to vote on any matter properly presented by a shareholder for consideration at the 2020 Annual Meeting of Shareholders but not submitted for inclusion in the proxy materials for such meeting unless notice of the matter is received by us on or prior to February 5, 2020 and certain other conditions of the applicable rules of the SEC are satisfied. Under our Bylaws, proposals of shareholders not intended for inclusion in the proxy statement, but intended to be raised at our regularly scheduled Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held in 2020, including nominations for election as directors of persons other than nominees of the board of directors, must be received by us not more than the 120 days prior to the 2020 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and no later than the later of (i) the close of business on the 90th day prior to the 2020 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, and (ii) the 10th day following the day on which public announcement of the date of the 2020 Annual Meeting of Shareholders is first made by us. Such proposals must comply with the procedures outlined in our Bylaws, which may be found on our website www.frgi.com or a copy of which is available upon request from the Secretary of the Company, 14800 Landmark Boulevard, Suite 500, Dallas, Texas 75254.
We will bear the cost of preparing, assembling, and mailing the form of proxy, this Proxy Statement and other material which may be sent to shareholders in connection with this solicitation and all costs associated with delivering our proxy materials to shareholders. In addition to solicitation of proxies by use of the Internet, telephone, and mail, our directors, officers, and employees (who will receive no compensation therefore in addition to their regular remuneration) may solicit the return of proxies by telephone, telegram, or personal interview.
We will request banks, brokerage houses, and other custodians, nominees, and fiduciaries to forward copies of the proxy materials to their principals and to request instructions for voting the proxies. We may reimburse such banks, brokerage houses, and other custodians, nominees, and fiduciaries for their expenses in connection therewith.
COPIES OF OUR ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 30, 2018, TOGETHER WITH FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULES, AS FILED WITH THE SEC ARE AVAILABLE WITHOUT CHARGE UPON WRITTEN REQUEST ADDRESSED TO Louis DiPietro, SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, GENERAL COUNSEL AND SECRETARY, FIESTA RESTAURANT GROUP, INC., 7255 Corporate center dr., suite c, miami, florida 33126 OR telephonic REQUEST TO Mr. Dipietro at (305) 671-1257.
Our board of directors does not intend to present, and does not have any reason to believe that others intend to present, any matter of business at the 2019 Annual Meeting other than those set forth in this proxy statement. However, if other matters properly come before the 2019 Annual Meeting, it is the intention of the persons named in the enclosed form of proxy to vote any proxies in accordance with their judgment. WE ENCOURAGE YOU TO AUTHORIZE YOUR PROXY ELECTRONICALLY BY GOING TO THE WEBSITE WWW.PROXYVOTE.COM OR BY CALLING THE TOLL-FREE NUMBER (FOR RESIDENTS OF THE UNITED STATES AND CANADA) LISTED ON YOUR PROXY CARD. PLEASE HAVE YOUR NOTICE OR PROXY CARD IN HAND WHEN GOING ONLINE OR CALLING. IF YOU AUTHORIZE YOUR PROXY ELECTRONICALLY OVER THE INTERNET OR BY CALLING THE TOLL-FREE NUMBER, YOU DO NOT NEED TO RETURN YOUR PROXY CARD. IF YOU CHOOSE TO AUTHORIZE YOUR PROXY BY MAIL, SIMPLY MARK YOUR PROXY CARD, AND THEN DATE, SIGN AND RETURN IT IN THE POSTAGE-PAID ENVELOPE PROVIDED.
[BEGIN TABLE]
     By order of the Board of Directors,  
     Louis DiPietro  
     Senior Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary  
[END TABLE]
7255 Corporate Center Dr.
Suite C
Miami, Florida 33126
March 20,  