 
UNITED STATESSECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSIONWashington, D.C.  
SCHEDULE 14A
PROXY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 14(a) OF THESECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF  
Check the appropriate box:
GTY TECHNOLOGY HOLDINGS INC.
(Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter)
Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box):
GTY TECHNOLOGY HOLDINGS INC. 1180 North Town Center Drive, Suite 100Las Vegas, Nevada 89144
NOTICE OF EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING TO BE HELD ON  OCTOBER 30, 2018
TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF GTY TECHNOLOGY HOLDINGS INC.:
You are cordially invited to attend the extraordinary general meeting (the "Extraordinary General Meeting") of shareholders of GTY Technology Holdings Inc. ("we", "us", "our" or the "Company") to be held at 10:00 a.m. Eastern Time on  October 30, 2018 at the offices of Winston & Strawn LLP, located at 200 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10166. The accompanying proxy statement (the "Proxy Statement") is dated October 11, 2018, and is first being mailed to shareholders of the Company on or about October 12, 2018. The sole purpose of the Extraordinary General Meeting is to consider and vote upon the following proposals:
Each of the Extension Amendment Proposal and the Adjournment Proposal is more fully described in the Proxy Statement.
The purpose of the Extension Amendment Proposal is to allow the Company more time to complete its previously announced proposed business combination (the "Business Combination"), in which a newly formed entity will acquire (i) the Company, (ii) Bonfire Interactive Ltd., (iii) CityBase, Inc., (iv) eCivis Inc., (v) Open Counter Enterprises Inc., (vi) Questica Inc. and Questica USCDN Inc., and (vii) Sherpa Government Solutions LLC, as further described in the Proxy Statement.
Our IPO prospectus and Articles provide that the Company has until November 1, 2018 to complete a business combination, which does not provide sufficient time to complete the Business Combination. The purpose of the Extension Amendment Proposal is to allow the Company more time to complete the Business Combination, which our board of directors (our "board") believes is in the best interest of our shareholders. If the Extension Amendment Proposal is approved, we will hold another shareholder meeting prior to the Extended Date in order to seek shareholder approval of the Business Combination.
In connection with the Extension Amendment Proposal, public shareholders may elect to redeem their shares for a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Company's U.S.-based trust account established in connection with the IPO at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A, maintained by Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, acting as trustee (the "Trust Account"), including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account, less income taxes payable, divided by the number of then outstanding Class A ordinary shares issued in our IPO (such shares, the "public shares" and such election, an "Election"). An Election can be made regardless of whether such public shareholders vote "FOR" or "AGAINST" the Extension Amendment Proposal and an Election can also be made by public shareholders who do not vote, or do not instruct their broker or bank how to vote, at the Extraordinary General Meeting. Public shareholders may make an Election regardless of whether such public shareholders were holders as of the record date. Public shareholders who do not make the Election would be entitled to have their shares redeemed for cash if the Company has not completed a business combination by the Extended Date. In addition, regardless of whether public shareholders vote "FOR" or "AGAINST" the Extension Amendment Proposal, or do not vote, or do not instruct their broker or bank how to vote, at the Extraordinary General Meeting, this shall not affect the right of public shareholders to have the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon completion of an initial business combination.
Based upon the amount in the Trust Account as of  September 30, 2018, which was $563,736,095, the Company anticipates that the per-share price at which public shares will be redeemed from cash held in the Trust Account will be approximately $10.21 at the time of the Extraordinary General Meeting. The closing price of the public shares on The Nasdaq Capital Market on October 11, 2018, the most recent closing price, was $10.16. The Company cannot assure shareholders that they will be able to sell their public shares in the open market, even if the market price per share is higher than the redemption price stated above, as there may not be sufficient liquidity in its securities when such shareholders wish to sell their shares.
The Adjournment Proposal, if adopted, will allow our board to adjourn the Extraordinary General Meeting to a later date or dates to permit further solicitation of proxies. The Adjournment Proposal will only be presented to our shareholders in the event that there are insufficient votes for, or otherwise in connection with, the approval of the Extension Amendment Proposal.
If the Extension Amendment Proposal is not approved and we do not consummate a business combination by November 1, 2018, as contemplated by our IPO prospectus and in accordance with our Articles, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem all of the public shares at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the Trust Fund (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), less taxes payable, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish rights of the public shareholders as shareholders of the Company (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and our board, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and other requirements of applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless in the event of our winding up. In the event of a liquidation, neither GTY Investors, LLC (our "Sponsor") nor the Company's officers and directors (collectively with our Sponsor, the "initial shareholders") will receive any monies held in the Trust Account as a result of their aggregate ownership of the 13,800,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share (the "founder shares" and together with the Class A ordinary shares, the "ordinary shares"), that are owned by the Sponsor and our other initial shareholders on the date of the Proxy Statement.
The approval of the Extension Amendment Proposal requires a special resolution under the Cayman Islands Companies Law (2018 Revision) ("Cayman Islands Companies Law"), being the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the then issued and outstanding ordinary shares who, being present and entitled to vote at the Extraordinary General Meeting, vote at the Extraordinary General Meeting. The approval of the Extension Amendment Proposal is essential to the implementation of our board's plan to extend the date by which we must consummate our initial business combination.
The approval of the Adjournment Proposal requires an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands Companies Law, being the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the then issued and outstanding ordinary shares who, being present and entitled to vote at the Extraordinary General Meeting, vote at the Extraordinary General Meeting.
Our board has fixed the close of business on October 5, 2018 as the record date for determining the Company shareholders entitled to receive notice of and vote at the Extraordinary General Meeting and any adjournment thereof. Only holders of record of the ordinary shares on that date are entitled to have their votes counted at the Extraordinary General Meeting or any adjournment thereof.
You are not being asked to vote on the Business Combination at this time. If you are a public shareholder, you will have the right to vote on the Business Combination when it is submitted to shareholders.
After careful consideration of all relevant factors, our board has determined that the Extension Amendment Proposal and, if presented, the Adjournment Proposal are advisable and recommends that you vote or give instruction to vote "FOR" such proposals.
Under Cayman Islands Companies Law and the Articles, no other business may be transacted at the Extraordinary General Meeting.
Enclosed is the Proxy Statement containing detailed information concerning the Extension Amendment Proposal, the Adjournment Proposal and the Extraordinary General Meeting. Whether or not you plan to attend the Extraordinary General Meeting, we urge you to read this material carefully and vote your ordinary shares.
October 11, 2018
[BEGIN TABLE]
William D. Green   Joseph M. Tucci  
Co-Chief Executive Officer and Co-Chairman    Co-Chief Executive Officer and Co-Chairman  
[END TABLE]
Your vote is important. If you are a shareholder of record, please sign, date and return your proxy card as soon as possible to make sure that your shares are represented at the Extraordinary General Meeting. If you are a shareholder of record, you may also cast your vote in person at the Extraordinary General Meeting. If your shares are held in an account at a brokerage firm or bank, you must instruct your broker or bank how to vote your shares, or you may cast your vote in person at the Extraordinary General Meeting by obtaining a proxy from your brokerage firm or bank. Your failure to vote or instruct your broker or bank how to vote will mean that your ordinary shares will not count towards the quorum requirement for the Extraordinary General Meeting and will not be voted. An abstention or broker non-vote will be counted towards the quorum requirement but will not count as a vote cast at the Extraordinary General Meeting.
Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Extraordinary General Meeting to be held on October 30, 2018: This notice of extraordinary general meeting and the Proxy Statement are available at https://www.cstproxy.com/gtytechnologyholdings/2018.
GTY TECHNOLOGY HOLDINGS INC. 1180 North Town Center Drive, Suite 100Las Vegas, Nevada 89144
EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING TO BE HELD ON  OCTOBER 30, 2018
PROXY STATEMENT
The extraordinary general meeting (the  "Extraordinary General Meeting") of shareholders of GTY Technology Holdings Inc. ("we", "us",  "our" or the "Company") will be held at 10:00 a.m. Eastern Time on October 30, 2018 at the offices of Winston & Strawn LLP, located at 200 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10166, for the sole purpose of considering and voting upon the following proposals:
The purpose of the Extension Amendment Proposal is to allow the Company more time to complete its previously announced proposed business combination (the "Business Combination"), in which GTY Technology Holdings Inc., a newly formed Massachusetts corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company ("New GTY") will acquire (i) the Company, (ii) Bonfire Interactive Ltd. ("Bonfire"), (iii) CityBase, Inc. ("CityBase"), (iv) eCivis Inc. ("eCivis"), (v) Open Counter Enterprises Inc. ("OpenCounter"), (vi) Questica Inc. and Questica USCDN Inc. (together, "Questica"), and (vii) Sherpa Government Solutions LLC ("Sherpa"), as further described herein.
Bonfire, CityBase, eCivis, OpenCounter, Questica and Sherpa are collectively referred to herein as the "Targets." In connection with the Business Combination, the Company and the Targets will become direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries of New GTY. Under the terms of the material definitive agreements entered into in connection with the Business Combination (collectively, the "Transaction Documents"), subject to customary adjustments as provided therein, the Company has agreed to acquire the Targets for total aggregate base consideration of up to $365 million payable in cash and stock, plus aggregate earn-outs of up to $132 million payable in cash and stock. For more information on the Business Combination, please see the section entitled "Background – The Proposed Business Combination".
Our IPO prospectus and Articles provide that the Company has until November 1, 2018 to complete a business combination, which does not provide sufficient time to complete the Business Combination. The purpose of the Extension Amendment Proposal is to allow the Company more time to complete the Business Combination, which our board of directors (our "board") believes is in the best interest of our shareholders. If the Extension Amendment Proposal is approved, we will hold another shareholder meeting prior to the Extended Date in order to seek shareholder approval of the Business Combination.
Approval of the Extension Amendment Proposal is a condition to the implementation of the Extension. We will not proceed with the Extension if the number of redemptions of our outstanding Class A ordinary shares issued in our IPO ("public shares") causes us to have less than $5,000,001 of net tangible assets following approval of the Extension Amendment Proposal.
In connection with the Extension Amendment Proposal, public shareholders may elect to redeem their shares for a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Company's U.S.-based trust account established in connection with the IPO at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A, maintained by Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, acting as trustee (the "Trust Account"), including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account, less income taxes payable, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares (such election, an "Election"). An Election can be made regardless of whether such public shareholders vote  "FOR" or "AGAINST" the Extension Amendment Proposal and an Election can also be made by public shareholders who do not vote, or do not instruct their broker or bank how to vote, at the Extraordinary General Meeting. Public shareholders may make an Election regardless of whether such public shareholders were holders as of the record date. Public shareholders who do not make the Election would be entitled to have their shares redeemed for cash if the Company has not completed a business combination by the Extended Date. In addition, regardless of whether public shareholders vote "FOR" or "AGAINST" the Extension Amendment Proposal, or do not vote, or do not instruct their broker or bank how to vote, at the Extraordinary General Meeting, this shall not affect the right of public shareholders to have the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon completion of an initial business combination.
The withdrawal of funds from the Trust Account in connection with the Election will reduce the amount held in the Trust Account following the Election, and the amount remaining in the Trust Account may be only a small fraction of the approximately $563,736,095 that was in the Trust Account as of September 30, 2018. In such event, the Company may need to obtain additional funds to complete an initial business combination, and there can be no assurance that such funds will be available on terms acceptable or at all.
If the Extension Amendment Proposal is not approved and we do not consummate a business combination by November 1, 2018, as contemplated by our IPO prospectus and in accordance with our Articles, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem all of the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the proceeds then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest on the Trust Account (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), less income taxes payable, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish rights of the public shareholders' rights as shareholders of the Company (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the other requirements of other applicable law.
There will be no distribution from the Trust Account with respect to the Company's warrants, which will expire worthless in the event of our winding up. In the event of a liquidation, none of GTY Investors, LLC (our "Sponsor") or our executive officers and directors (collectively with our Sponsor, the "initial shareholders") will receive any monies held in the Trust Account as a result of their aggregate ownership of the 13,800,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share (the "founder shares" and together with the Class A ordinary shares, the "ordinary shares"), that are owned by the Sponsor and our executive officers and directors on the date of this Proxy Statement.
If the Company liquidates, in order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, our Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account below a certain threshold. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third-party who executed a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account or to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"). In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third-party, then the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. We have not independently verified whether the Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we have not requested it to reserve for such indemnification obligations. Therefore, we cannot assure you that the Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. Based upon the amount in the Trust Account as of September 30, 2018, which was $563,736,095, the Company anticipates that the per-share price at which public shares will be redeemed from cash held in the Trust Account will be approximately $10.21 at the time of the Extraordinary General Meeting. The closing price of the public shares on The Nasdaq Capital Market ("Nasdaq") on October 11, 2018, the most recent closing price, was $10.16. Nevertheless, the Company cannot assure you that the per share distribution from the Trust Account, if the Company liquidates, will not be less than $10.00, plus interest, due to unforeseen claims of creditors. The Company cannot assure shareholders that they will be able to sell their public shares in the open market, even if the market price per share is higher than the redemption price stated above, as there may not be sufficient liquidity in its securities when such shareholders wish to sell their shares.
If the Extension Amendment Proposal is approved, the Company will, pursuant to the terms of the Trust Agreement, (i) remove from the Trust Account an amount (the "Withdrawal Amount"), equal to the number of public shares properly redeemed multiplied by the per-share price, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account, less income taxes payable, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares and (ii) deliver to the holders of such redeemed public shares their portion of the Withdrawal Amount. The remainder of such funds shall remain in the Trust Account and be available for use by the Company to complete an initial business combination on or before the Extended Date. Holders of public shares who do not redeem their public shares will retain their redemption rights and their ability to vote on an initial business combination through the Extended Date if the Extension Amendment Proposal is approved.
Our board has fixed the close of business on October 5, 2018 as the record date for determining the Company shareholders entitled to receive notice of and vote at the Extraordinary General Meeting and any adjournment thereof. Only holders of record of the public shares on that date are entitled to have their votes counted at the Extraordinary General Meeting or any adjournment thereof. On the record date of the Extraordinary General Meeting, there were 69,000,000 ordinary shares outstanding, of which 55,200,000 were public shares and 13,800,000 were founder shares. The founder shares carry voting rights in connection with the Extension Amendment Proposal and the Adjournment Proposal, and we have been informed by our Sponsor and our other initial shareholders that they intend to vote in favor of the Extension Amendment Proposal and the Adjournment Proposal.
This Proxy Statement contains important information about the Extraordinary General Meeting and the proposals. Please read it carefully and vote your shares.
We will pay for the entire cost of soliciting proxies. We have engaged Morrow Sodali LLC ("Morrow") to assist in the solicitation of proxies for the Extraordinary General Meeting. We have agreed to pay Morrow a fee of $39,250. We will also reimburse Morrow for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses and will indemnify Morrow and its affiliates against certain claims, liabilities, losses, damages and expenses. In addition to these mailed proxy materials, our directors and officers may also solicit proxies in person, by telephone or by other means of communication. These parties will not be paid any additional compensation for soliciting proxies. We may also reimburse brokerage firms, banks and other agents for the cost of forwarding proxy materials to beneficial owners.
This Proxy Statement is dated October 11, 2018 and is first being mailed to shareholders on or about October 12, 2018.
QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING
These Questions and Answers are only summaries of the matters they discuss. They do not contain all of the information that may be important to you. You should read carefully the entire document, including the annexes to this Proxy Statement.
[BEGIN TABLE]
Q. How do I change my vote?    A. If on the record date your shares were held, not in          your name, but rather in an account at a brokerage firm, custodian bank, or other nominee, then you are the beneficial          owner of shares held in "street name" and you may change your vote at any time prior to the vote held at the          Extraordinary General Meeting by contacting and following the instructions of your bank, broker, custodian or other nominee          that holds your shares. If you are a record holder, you may change your vote by sending a later-dated, signed proxy card to          Harry L. You,         the Company's President and Chief Financial Officer, at GTY Technology Holdings Inc., 1180 North Town          Center         Drive,         Suite         100, Las         Vegas,         Nevada            89144, so that it is received          prior to the         Extraordinary         General Meeting or         by attending the         Extraordinary         General          Meeting         in         person and         voting. You also may revoke your         proxy by sending a         notice of          revocation to the                same address, which         must be         received by our         secretary prior to the          Extraordinary General         Meeting. 
[END TABLE]
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
We believe that some of the information in this Proxy Statement constitutes forward-looking statements. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as "may", "expect", "anticipate", "contemplate", "believe", "estimate",  "intends", and "continue" or similar words. You should read statements that contain these words carefully because they:
We believe it is important to communicate our expectations to our shareholders. However, there may be events in the future that we are not able to predict accurately or over which we have no control. The cautionary language discussed in this Proxy Statement provides examples of risks, uncertainties and events that may cause actual results to differ materially from the expectations described by us in such forward-looking statements, including, among other things, claims by third parties against the Trust Account, unanticipated delays in the distribution of the funds from the Trust Account and our ability to identify suitable acquisition targets and complete an initial business combination. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Proxy Statement.
All forward-looking statements included herein attributable to us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. Except to the extent required by applicable laws and regulations, we undertake no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
BACKGROUND
GTY Technology Holdings Inc.
We are a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company on August 11, 2016, to serve as a vehicle for the acquisition of a target business through effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities.
There are currently 69,000,000 ordinary shares issued and outstanding, consisting of 55,200,000 public shares and 13,800,000 founder shares.
On November 1, 2016, we consummated our IPO of 55,200,000 units, including the issuance of 7,200,000 units as a result of the underwriters' exercise of their over-allotment option in full. Each unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share. The units were sold at an offering price of $10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds, before expenses, of $552 million. Prior to the consummation of the IPO, in August, 2016, our Sponsor purchased 8,625,000 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000, or approximately $0.002 per share. On each of October 14 and October 26, 2016, the Company effected a share capitalization resulting in an aggregate of 11,500,000 and 13,800,000 founder shares outstanding, respectively. In October 2016, the Sponsor transferred 25,000 founder shares to each of the Company's independent director nominees at the same per-share purchase price paid by the Sponsor.
Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the Company consummated the private placement of 8,693,334 private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at $11.50 per share, at a price of $1.50 per private placement warrant, with the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of approximately $13.04 million. The private placement warrants are identical to the public warrants, except that, so long as they are held by their initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, (i) they will not be redeemable by the Company, (ii) they (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of these warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold until 30 days after the Company completes its initial business combination and (iii) they may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis. To the extent we issue ordinary shares to effectuate a business transaction, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional ordinary shares upon exercise of these warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Such warrants, when exercised, will increase the number of issued and outstanding ordinary shares and reduce the value of the ordinary shares issued to complete the business transaction. Therefore, our warrants may make it more difficult to effectuate a business transaction or increase the cost of acquiring the target business.
Upon the closing of the IPO and the private placement, $552 million ($10.00 per unit) from the net proceeds thereof was placed the Trust Account and is invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 180 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of an initial business combination and (ii) the redemption of the public shares if the Company is unable to complete a business combination by November 1, 2018, subject to applicable law. As of December 31, 2017, no funds had been withdrawn from the Trust Account.
Our Sponsor and our other initial shareholders, including our directors and officers, have interests in the proposals that may be different from, or in addition to, your interests as a shareholder. These interests include ownership of founder shares and warrants that may become exercisable in the future and loans by them that will not be repaid in the event of our winding up and the possibility of future compensatory arrangements. See the section entitled "The Extension Amendment Proposal — Interests of Our Initial Shareholders".
On the record date of the Extraordinary General Meeting, there were 69,000,000 ordinary shares outstanding, of which 55,200,000 were public shares and 13,800,000 were founder shares. The founder shares carry voting rights in connection with the Extension Amendment Proposal and the Adjournment Proposal, and we have been informed by our Sponsor and our other initial shareholders that they intend to vote in favor of the Extension Amendment Proposal and the Adjournment Proposal.
The founder shares are identical to the public shares except that (i) the initial shareholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights in connection with the business combination with respect to the founder shares and any public shares they may purchase, and to waive their redemption rights with respect to the founder shares if the Company fails to complete a business combination by November 1, 2018 and (ii) the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, whereby the initial shareholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earlier of (A) one year after the completion of the Company's initial business combination, or earlier if, subsequent to the Company's initial business combination, the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the Company's initial business combination, and (B) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction after the initial business combination that results in all of the Company's shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property (the "Lock Up Period").
The private placement warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) are also subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described above.
The mailing address is Company's principal executive office is 1180 North Town Center Drive, Suite 100, Las Vegas, Nevada.
The Proposed Business Combination
In connection with the Business Combination, the Company and the Targets will become direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries of New GTY. Under the terms of the Transaction Documents, subject to customary adjustments as provided therein, the Company has agreed to acquire the Targets for total aggregate base consideration of up to $365 million payable in cash and stock as described below, plus aggregate earn-outs of up to $132 million payable in cash and stock as described below.
GTY Merger
Pursuant to the GTY Agreement, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein, at the closing of the Business Combination, GTY Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company, with the Company surviving the GTY Merger as a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of New GTY. As a result of the GTY Merger, all of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares of the Company will be exchanged for an equal number of shares of New GTY common stock. In connection with the Business Combination, the Company expects to seek the approval of its public warrant holders to amend the Warrant Agreement so that, upon the closing of the Business Combination, each of its outstanding whole public warrants, which entitle the holder thereof to purchase one ordinary share of the Company, will be exchanged for cash in the amount of $1.35 per whole public warrant and each of its outstanding private placement warrants, which entitle the holder thereof to purchase one ordinary share of the Company, will be exchanged for cash in the amount of $0.75 per private placement warrant. Approval of the amendment requires the affirmative vote of holders of 50% of the public warrants. Approval of the amendment to the Warrant Agreement is not a condition to the closing of the Business Combination. If the amendment to the Warrant Agreement is not approved, all of the outstanding warrants to purchase ordinary shares of the Company will become exercisable to purchase an equal number of shares of New GTY common stock on the existing terms and conditions of such warrants in accordance with the terms of such warrants. The closing of each of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents are expected to occur simultaneously with the closing of the GTY Merger. In addition, after the GTY Merger and prior to the effective time of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, the Company will assign all of its rights, interests and obligations under the Transaction Documents to New GTY.
Bonfire Transaction
Pursuant to the Bonfire Agreement, at the Bonfire Closing, Callco and Exchangeco will acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares of Bonfire, such that Bonfire will become an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of New GTY. Upon consummation of the Bonfire Transaction, New GTY will (i) pay the Bonfire Holders an aggregate of up to $49,000,000 in cash, subject to certain customary adjustments contained in the Bonfire Agreement, including an increase for cash and a reduction for indebtedness of Bonfire and its subsidiaries at the time of the Bonfire Closing, and (ii) issue to the Bonfire Holders a number of shares of New GTY common stock or a number of Bonfire Exchangeco Shares with an aggregate fair market value equal to $49,000,000.
In addition, Bonfire Holders may receive, following the Bonfire Closing and based on Bonfire's revenues and EBIT for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2019 and 2020, respectively, earn-out payments in an aggregate amount not to exceed $10,000,000, payable 50% in cash and 50% in Bonfire Earn-out Shares. The Company has agreed to file a registration statement on Form S-3 covering the resale of any Bonfire Earn-out Shares.
The Bonfire Closing is subject to certain conditions, including, among others, (i) approval by the Company's shareholders of, among other things, the Bonfire Agreement and the Bonfire Transaction; (ii) the redemption of any of the Company's ordinary shares in connection with the Business Combination will have been completed and the Company will have no less than $325,000,000 (the "Bonfire Necessary Cash Amount") in the Trust Account following any such redemptions and the payment of any expenses related to the Bonfire Transaction; (iii) certain Bonfire Holders will have delivered to the Company a duly executed lock-up agreement in the form attached to the Bonfire Agreement; (iv) no more than 5% of the shares of Bonfire capital stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Bonfire Transaction (the "Bonfire Shares") will be Cash-out Shares (as defined in the Bonfire Agreement); and (v) the transactions contemplated by the other Transaction Documents will have closed or will close substantially simultaneously with the Bonfire Closing.
CityBase Transaction 
Pursuant to the CityBase Agreement, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein, at the CityBase Closing, among other things, CityBase Merger Sub will merge with and into CityBase, with CityBase surviving the merger as a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of New GTY.
The CityBase Closing is subject to certain conditions, including, among others, (i) approval by the Company's shareholders of, among other things, the CityBase Agreement, the CityBase Transaction and the other proposals set forth in the proxy statement/prospectus on Form S-4 relating to the Business Combination; (ii) the redemption of any of the Company's ordinary shares in connection with the Business Combination will have been completed and the Company will have no less than $325,000,000 in the Trust Account following any such redemptions and the payment of any expenses related to the CityBase Transaction (the "CityBase Necessary Cash Amount"); (iii) certain key executives of CityBase will have delivered to the Company a duly executed lock-up agreement and a letter of transmittal, each in the form attached to the CityBase Agreement; (iv) no more than 5% of the shares of CityBase capital stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the CityBase Transaction will be held by CityBase Holders dissenting from the CityBase Transaction and requiring appraisal of such shares; (v) the CityBase Holders entitled to approve and adopt the CityBase Agreement will have approved and adopted the CityBase Agreement pursuant to a written consent by 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time on the date after the date of the CityBase Agreement (the "CityBase Holder Consent"); and (vi) the transactions contemplated by the other Transaction Documents will have closed or will close substantially simultaneously with the CityBase Closing.
The CityBase Agreement may be terminated under certain circumstances, including, among others: (i) by mutual written consent of the Company and CityBase; (ii) by either the Company or CityBase if the CityBase Closing has not occurred on or before 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time on March 31, 2019; provided, however, that the right to terminate the CityBase Agreement under this provision will not be available to any party whose failure to fulfill, or whose affiliate's failure to fulfill on its behalf, any material obligation or condition under the CityBase Agreement has been the cause of, or resulted in, the failure of the CityBase Closing to occur on or before such date; (iii) by the Company or CityBase if the Company's shareholders have not approved the CityBase Agreement, the CityBase Transaction and the other proposals set forth in the proxy statement/prospectus on Form S-4 relating to the Business Combination; (iv) by either the Company or CityBase if, following the redemption of any of the Company's ordinary shares in connection with the Business Combination, the aggregate amount of cash or cash equivalents in the Trust Account is less than the CityBase Necessary Cash Amount; (v) by the Company if the CityBase Holder Consent is not executed and delivered to the Company by 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time on the day after the date of the CityBase Agreement; or (vi) by the Company if the balance of a certain binding financing transaction of the Company has not been funded by October 15, 2018. In the event the CityBase Agreement is terminated under specified circumstances, subject to certain exceptions, the Company will promptly reimburse up to 50% of the transaction expenses of CityBase, up to a maximum of $400,000.
eCivis Transaction
Pursuant to the eCivis Agreement, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein, at the eCivis Closing, eCivis Merger Sub will merge with and into eCivis, with eCivis surviving the merger as a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of New GTY.
Upon consummation of the eCivis Transaction, New GTY will (i) pay the eCivis Holders an aggregate of up to $30,000,000 in cash, subject to certain customary adjustments contained in the eCivis Agreement, including an increase for cash and a reduction for indebtedness of eCivis at the time of the eCivis Closing, and (ii) issue to the eCivis Holders a number of shares of New GTY common stock with an aggregate fair market value equal to $20,000,000 based on the volume weighted average price of the Company's ordinary shares for the 30 trading days immediately prior to the eCivis Closing.
In addition, eCivis Holders may receive, following the eCivis Closing and based on eCivis's revenues and EBITDA for the year ended December 31, 2020, eCivis Earn-out Shares with a value of up to $50,000,000 on the date of issuance. The Company has agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts file a registration statement on Form S-3 covering the resale of any eCivis Earn-out Shares and the other shares to be issued in connection with the eCivis Closing.
The eCivis Closing is subject to certain conditions, including, among others, (i) approval by the Company's shareholders of, among other things, the eCivis Agreement and the eCivis Transaction; (ii) the redemption of any of the Company's ordinary shares in connection with the Business Combination will have been completed and the Company will have no less than $325,000,000 in the Trust Account following any such redemptions and the payment of any expenses related to the eCivis Transaction (the "eCivis Necessary Cash Amount"); (iii) each eCivis Holder will have delivered to the Company a duly executed lock-up agreement in the form attached to the eCivis Agreement; (iv) no more than 5% of the shares of eCivis capital stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the eCivis Transaction (the "eCivis Shares") will be held by eCivis Holders dissenting from the eCivis Transaction and requiring appraisal of such shares; (v) no more than 5% of the eCivis Shares will be Cash-out Shares (as defined in the eCivis Agreement); (vi) the eCivis Holders entitled to approve and adopt the eCivis Agreement will have approved and adopted the eCivis Agreement pursuant to a written consent by 12:00 p.m. Eastern Time on the date after the date of the eCivis Agreement; and (vii) the transactions contemplated by the other Transaction Documents will have closed or will close substantially simultaneously with the eCivis Closing.
The eCivis Agreement may be terminated under certain circumstances, including, among others: (i) by mutual written consent of each party; (ii) by either the Company or eCivis if the eCivis Closing has not occurred on or before 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time on March 31, 2019; provided, however, that the right to terminate the eCivis Agreement under this provision will not be available to any party whose failure to fulfill, or whose affiliate's failure to fulfill on its behalf, any material obligation or condition under the eCivis Agreement has been the cause of, or resulted in, the failure of the eCivis Closing to occur on or before such date; (iii) by either the Company or eCivis if the Company's shareholders have not approved the eCivis Agreement and the eCivis Transaction; (iv) by either the Company or eCivis if, following the redemption of any of the Company's ordinary shares in connection with the Business Combination, the aggregate amount of cash or cash equivalents in the Trust Account is less than the eCivis Necessary Cash Amount; and (v) by the Company if the written consent of eCivis Holders to approve and adopt the eCivis Agreement is not executed and delivered to the Company by 12:00 p.m. Eastern Time on the day after the date of the eCivis Agreement. In the event the eCivis Agreement is terminated, subject to certain exceptions, the Company will promptly reimburse up to 50% of the transaction expenses of eCivis up to a maximum of $400,000.
OpenCounter Transaction
Pursuant to the OpenCounter Agreement, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein, at the OpenCounter Closing, OpenCounter Merger Sub will merge with and into OpenCounter, with OpenCounter surviving the merger as a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of New GTY.
Upon consummation of the OpenCounter Transaction, New GTY will pay the OpenCounter Holders an aggregate of up to (i) $14,500,000 in cash, subject to certain customary adjustments contained in the OpenCounter Agreement, including an increase for cash and a reduction for indebtedness of OpenCounter at the time of the OpenCounter Closing, and (ii) 1,450,000 shares of New GTY common stock, less the any shares payable to OpenCounter Holders dissenting from the OpenCounter Transaction and requiring appraisal of their shares.
The OpenCounter Closing is subject to certain conditions, including, among others, (i) approval by the Company's shareholders of, among other things, the OpenCounter Agreement, the OpenCounter Transaction and the other proposals set forth in the proxy statement/prospectus on Form S-4 relating to the Business Combination; (ii) that the redemption of any of the Company's ordinary shares in connection with the Business Combination will have been completed and the Company will have no less than $325,000,000 in the Trust Account following any such redemptions and the payment of any expenses related to the OpenCounter Transaction (the "OpenCounter Necessary Cash Amount"); (iii) that each OpenCounter Holder will have delivered to the Company a duly executed lock-up agreement in the form attached to the OpenCounter Agreement; (iv) that no more than 5% of the shares of OpenCounter capital stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the OpenCounter Transaction ("OpenCounter Shares") will be held by OpenCounter Holders dissenting from the OpenCounter Transaction and requiring appraisal of such shares; (v) that no more than 5% of the OpenCounter Shares will be Cash-Out Shares (as defined in the OpenCounter Agreement); (vi) the approval and adoption of the OpenCounter Agreement by the Founders (as defined in the OpenCounter Agreement) pursuant to a written consent no later than 12:00 p.m. Eastern Time on the date after the date of the OpenCounter Agreement (the "OpenCounter Holder Consent"); and (vii) the transactions contemplated by the other Transaction Documents will have closed or will close substantially simultaneously with the OpenCounter Closing.
The OpenCounter Agreement may be terminated under certain circumstances, including, among others: (i) by mutual written consent of each party; (ii) by either the Company or OpenCounter if the OpenCounter Closing has not occurred on or before 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time on March 31, 2019; provided, however, that the right to terminate the OpenCounter Agreement under this provision will not be available to any party whose failure to fulfill, or whose affiliate's failure to fulfill on its behalf, any material obligation or condition under the OpenCounter Agreement has been the cause of, or resulted in, the failure of the OpenCounter Closing to occur on or before such date; (iii) by either the Company or OpenCounter if the Company's shareholders have not approved the OpenCounter Agreement, the OpenCounter Transaction and the other proposals set forth in the proxy statement/prospectus on Form S-4 relating to the Business Combination; (iv) by either the Company or OpenCounter if, following the redemption of any of the Company's ordinary shares in connection with the Business Combination, the aggregate amount of cash or cash equivalents in the Trust Account is less than the OpenCounter Necessary Cash Amount; and (v) by the Company if the OpenCounter Holder Consent is not executed and delivered to the Company by 12:00 p.m. Eastern Time on the day after the date of the OpenCounter Agreement.
Questica Transaction
Pursuant to the Questica Agreement, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein, at the Questica Closing, Questica Exchangeco will acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares of Questica, such that Questica will become an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of New GTY.
Upon consummation of the Questica Transaction, New GTY will (i) pay the Questica Holders an aggregate of up to $60,000,000 in cash, subject to certain customary adjustments contained in the Questica Agreement, including an increase for cash and a reduction for indebtedness of Questica at the time of the Questica Closing, and (ii) an aggregate of 2,000,000 Class A Exchangeable Shares in the capital stock of Questica Exchangeco and 1,000,000 Class B Exchangable Shares in the capital stock of Questica Exchangeco, each of which is exchangeable into shares of New GTY company common stock.
The Questica Closing is subject to certain conditions, including, among others, (i) approval by the Company's shareholders of, among other things, the Questica Agreement and the Questica Transaction; (ii) the redemption of any of the Company's ordinary shares in connection with the Business Combination will have been completed and the Company will have no less than $325,000,000 in the Trust Account following any such redemptions (the "Questica Necessary Cash Amount"); (iii) each Questica Holder will have delivered to the Company a duly executed lock-up agreement in the form attached to the Questica Agreement; and (iv) the transactions contemplated by the other Transaction Documents will have closed or will close substantially simultaneously with the Questica Closing.
The Questica Agreement may be terminated under certain circumstances, including, among others: (i) by mutual written consent of each party; (ii) by either the Company or Questica if the Questica Closing has not occurred on or before 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time on March 31, 2019; provided, however, that the right to terminate the Questica Agreement under this provision will not be available to any party whose failure to fulfill, or whose affiliate's failure to fulfill on its behalf, any material obligation or condition under the Questica Agreement has been the cause of, or resulted in, the failure of the Questica Closing to occur on or before such date; (iii) by either the Company or Questica if the Company's shareholders have not approved the Questica Agreement and the Questica Transaction; and (iv) by the Company if, following the redemption of any of the Company's ordinary shares in connection with the Business Combination, the aggregate amount of cash or cash equivalents in the Trust Account is less than the Questica Necessary Cash Amount.
Sherpa Transaction
Pursuant to the Sherpa Agreement, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein, at the Sherpa Closing, the Sherpa Holders will sell to the Company and the Company will purchase from the Sherpa Holders all of the Sherpa Units owned by the Sherpa Holders.
Upon consummation of the Sherpa Transaction, New GTY will pay to the Sherpa Holders up to an aggregate of $8,000,000 in cash, subject to certain customary adjustments contained in the Sherpa Agreement, including an increase for cash and a reduction for indebtedness of Sherpa at the time of the Sherpa Closing. In addition, following the Sherpa Closing and based on Sherpa's revenues for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, the Sherpa Holders may receive, in the aggregate, Sherpa Earn-out Shares with a value equal to $2,000,000 on the date of issuance. The Company has agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts file a registration statement on Form S-3 covering the resale of any Sherpa Earn-out Shares.
The Sherpa Closing is subject to certain conditions, including, among others, (i) approval by the Company's shareholders of, among other things, the Sherpa Agreement, the Sherpa Transaction and the other proposals set forth in the proxy statement/prospectus on Form S-4 relating to the Business Combination; (ii) the redemption of any of the Company's ordinary shares in connection with the Business Combination will have been completed and the Company will have no less than $325,000,000 following any such redemptions and the payment of any expenses related to the Sherpa Transaction (the "Sherpa Necessary Cash Amount"); (iii) each Sherpa Holder will have delivered to the Company a duly executed lock-up agreement in the form attached to the Sherpa Agreement; and (iv) the transactions contemplated by the other Transaction Documents will have closed or will close substantially simultaneously with the Sherpa Closing.
The Sherpa Agreement may be terminated under certain circumstances, including, among others: (i) by mutual written consent of each party; (ii) by either the Company or Sherpa if the Closing has not occurred on or before 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time on March 31, 2019; provided, however, that the right to terminate the Sherpa Agreement under this provision will not be available to any party whose failure to fulfill, or whose affiliate's failure to fulfill on its behalf, any material obligation or condition under the Sherpa Agreement has been the cause of, or resulted in, the failure of the Sherpa Closing to occur on or before such date; (iii) by either the Company or Sherpa if the Company's shareholders have not approved the Sherpa Agreement and the other proposals set forth in the proxy statement/prospectus on Form S-4 relating to the Business Combination; and (iv) by either the Company or Sherpa if, following the redemption of any of the Company's ordinary shares in connection with the Business Combination, the aggregate amount of cash or cash equivalents in the Trust Account is less than the Sherpa Necessary Cash Amount.
You are not being asked to vote on the Business Combination at this time. If the Extension is implemented and you do not elect to redeem your public shares in connection with the Extension, you will retain the right to vote on the Business Combination when it is submitted to shareholders and the right to redeem your public shares for cash from the Trust Account in the event the Business Combination is approved and completed or the Company has not consummated a business combination by the Extended Date.
THE EXTENSION AMENDMENT PROPOSAL
The Extension Amendment Proposal 
The Company is proposing to amend its Articles to extend the date by which the Company has to consummate a business combination to the Extended Date.
The Extension Amendment Proposal is essential to the overall implementation of the board's plan to allow the Company more time to complete an initial business combination. Approval of the Extension Amendment Proposal is a condition to the implementation of the Extension.
If the Extension Amendment Proposal is not approved and we have not consummated a business combination by November 1, 2018, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem all of the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the proceeds then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), less income taxes payable, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish rights of the public shareholders' rights as shareholders of the Company (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the other requirements of other applicable law.
The purpose of the Extension Amendment Proposal is to allow the Company more time to complete the Business Combination.
Our IPO prospectus and Articles provide that the Company has until November 1, 2018 to complete a business combination, which does not provide sufficient time to complete the Business Combination. The purpose of the Extension Amendment Proposal is to allow the Company more time to complete the Business Combination, which our board believes is in the best interest of our shareholders. If the Extension Amendment Proposal is approved, we will hold another shareholder meeting prior to the Extended Date in order to seek shareholder approval of the Business Combination.
A copy of the wording of the resolution and of the proposed amendments to the Articles is attached to this Proxy Statement in Annex A.
Reasons for the Extension Amendment Proposal 
The Company's IPO prospectus and Articles provide that the Company has until November 1, 2018 to complete the purposes of the Company including, but not limited to, effecting a business combination under its terms. The Company's IPO prospectus and Articles stated that if the Company's shareholders approve an amendment to the Articles that would affect the substance or timing of the Company's obligation to redeem all of the public shares if it does not complete its business combination before November 1, 2018, the Company will provide its public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account, less income taxes payable, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. Because the Company believes the opportunity for us to consummate an initial business combination through to the Extended Date to be in the best interests of the Company's shareholders, the Company has determined to seek shareholder approval to extend the time for closing a business combination beyond November 1, 2018 to the Extended Date.
We believe that the foregoing provision of the Articles was included to protect Company shareholders from having to sustain their investments for an unreasonably long period if the Company failed to find a suitable business combination in the timeframe contemplated by the Articles. We also believe, however, that given the Company's expenditure of time, effort and money on seeking an initial business combination, circumstances warrant providing those who believe they might find the Business Combination to be an attractive investment with an opportunity to consider and approve such transaction.
If the Extension Amendment Proposal is Not Approved 
The approval of the Extension Amendment Proposal is essential to the implementation of our board's plan to extend the date by which we must consummate our initial business combination.
If the Extension Amendment Proposal is not approved and we have not consummated a business combination by November 1, 2018, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem all of the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the proceeds then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), less income taxes payable, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish rights of the public shareholders' rights as shareholders of the Company (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the other requirements of other applicable law.
There will be no distribution from the Trust Account with respect to the Company's warrants which will expire worthless in the event we wind up. In the event of a liquidation, neither our Sponsor nor our officers and directors will receive any monies held in the Trust Account as a result of their ownership of the founder shares.
If the Extension Amendment Proposal is Approved 
If the Extension Amendment Proposal is approved, the Company will amend the Articles in the form of the amendments set forth in Annex A hereto to extend the time it has to complete a business combination until the Extended Date. The Company will remain a reporting company under the Exchange Act and its units, ordinary shares and warrants will remain publicly traded. The Company will then continue to work to complete the Business Combination by the Extended Date.
You are not being asked to vote on the Business Combination at this time. If the Extension is implemented and you do not elect to redeem your public shares in connection with the Extension, you will retain the right to vote on the Business Combination when it is submitted to shareholders and the right to redeem your public shares for cash from the Trust Account in the event the Business Combination is approved and completed or the Company has not consummated a business combination by the Extended Date.
If the Extension Amendment Proposal is approved, and the Extension is implemented, the removal of the Withdrawal Amount from the Trust Account in connection with an Election will reduce the amount held in the Trust Account. The Company cannot predict the amount that will remain in the Trust Account if the Extension Amendment Proposal is approved, and the amount remaining in the Trust Account may be only a small fraction of the approximately $563,736,095 that was in the Trust Account as of September 30, 2018. We will not proceed with the Extension if redemptions of our public shares cause us to have less than $5,000,001 of net tangible assets following approval of the Extension Amendment Proposal.
Redemption Rights 
If the Extension Amendment Proposal is approved, and the Extension is implemented, each public shareholder may seek to redeem his, her or its public shares at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account, less income taxes payable, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. Holders of public shares who do not elect to redeem their public shares in connection with the Extension will retain the right to redeem their public shares in connection with any shareholder vote to approve a proposed business combination, or if the Company has not consummated a business combination by the Extended Date.
TO DEMAND REDEMPTION, PRIOR TO 5:00 P.M. EASTERN TIME ON OCTOBER 26, 2018 (TWO BUSINESS DAYS BEFORE THE EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING), YOU SHOULD ELECT EITHER TO PHYSICALLY TENDER YOUR SHARE CERTIFICATES TO CONTINENTAL STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY OR TO DELIVER YOUR SHARES TO THE TRANSFER AGENT ELECTRONICALLY USING DTC'S DWAC (DEPOSIT/WITHDRAWAL AT CUSTODIAN), AS DESCRIBED HEREIN. YOU SHOULD ENSURE THAT YOUR BANK OR BROKER COMPLIES WITH THE REQUIREMENTS IDENTIFIED ELSEWHERE HEREIN.
In order to tender your ordinary shares for redemption, you must elect either to physically tender your share certificates to the transfer agent, at Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, 1 State Street, 30th Floor, New York, New York 10004, Attn: Mark Zimkind, mzimkind@continentalstock.com, or to deliver your shares to the transfer agent electronically using DTC's DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) system, which election would likely be determined based on the manner in which you hold your shares. You must tender your ordinary shares in the manner described above prior to 5:00 P.M. Eastern Time on October 26, 2018 (two business days before the Extraordinary General Meeting). Any demand for redemption, once made, may be withdrawn at any time until the deadline for exercising redemption requests and thereafter, with our consent, until the vote is taken at the Extraordinary General Meeting. If you delivered your shares for redemption to the transfer agent and decide within the required timeframe not to exercise your redemption rights, you may request that the transfer agent return the shares (physically or electronically). You may make such request by contacting the transfer agent at the phone number or address listed herein.
Through the DWAC system, this electronic delivery process can be accomplished by the shareholder, whether or not it is a record holder or its shares are held in "street name," by contacting the transfer agent or its broker and requesting delivery of its shares through the DWAC system. Delivering shares physically may take significantly longer. In order to obtain a physical share certificate, a shareholder's broker and/or clearing broker, DTC, and the transfer agent will need to act together to facilitate this request. There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC system. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker $45 and the broker would determine whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. It is the Company's understanding that shareholders should generally allot at least two weeks to obtain physical certificates from the transfer agent. The Company does not have any control over this process or over the brokers or DTC, and it may take longer than two weeks to obtain a physical share certificate. Such shareholders will have less time to make their investment decision than those shareholders that deliver their shares through the DWAC system. Shareholders who request physical share certificates and wish to redeem may be unable to meet the deadline for tendering their shares before exercising their redemption rights and thus will be unable to redeem their shares.
Certificates that have not been tendered in accordance with these procedures prior to the vote on the Extension Amendment Proposal at the Extraordinary General Meeting will not be redeemed for cash held in the Trust Account on the redemption date. In the event that a public shareholder tenders its shares and decides prior to the vote at the Extraordinary General Meeting that it does not want to redeem its shares, the shareholder may withdraw the tender. If you delivered your ordinary shares for redemption to our transfer agent and decide prior to the vote at the Extraordinary General Meeting not to redeem your shares, you may request that our transfer agent return the shares (physically or electronically). You may make such request by contacting the transfer agent at the address listed above. In the event that a public shareholder tenders shares and the Extension Amendment Proposal is not approved, these shares will not be redeemed and the physical certificates representing these shares will be returned to the shareholder promptly following the determination that the Extension Amendment Proposal will not be approved. The Company anticipates that a public shareholder who tenders ordinary shares for redemption in connection with the vote to approve the Extension Amendment Proposal would receive payment of the redemption price for such shares soon after the completion of the Extension Amendment. The transfer agent will hold the certificates of public shareholders that make the Election until such shares are redeemed for cash or returned to such shareholders.
If properly demanded, the Company will redeem each public share for a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account, less income taxes payable, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. Based upon the amount in the Trust Account as of September 30, 2018, which was $563,736,095, the Company anticipates that the per-share price at which public shares will be redeemed from cash held in the Trust Account will be approximately $10.21 at the time of the Extraordinary General Meeting. The closing price of the Company's ordinary shares on the Nasdaq on October 11, 2018, the most recent closing price, was $10.16.
If you exercise your redemption rights, you will be exchanging your public shares for cash and will no longer own the shares. You will be entitled to receive cash for these shares only if you properly demand redemption and tender your share certificate(s) to the transfer agent or deliver your shares to the transfer agent electronically using DTC's DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) system prior to the vote on the Extension Amendment Proposal at the Extraordinary General Meeting. The Company anticipates that a public shareholder who tenders public shares for redemption in connection with the vote to approve the Extension Amendment Proposal would receive payment of the redemption price for such shares soon after the completion of the Extension Amendment.
United States Federal Income Tax Considerations for Shareholders Exercising Redemption Rights
General 
The following discussion is a summary of the U.S. federal income tax considerations generally applicable to holders of our ordinary shares that elect to have their shares redeemed for cash pursuant to the exercise of redemption rights through an Election. This discussion is limited to certain U.S. federal income tax considerations to beneficial owners of our ordinary shares that hold such ordinary shares as a capital asset under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"). This discussion is a summary only and does not consider all aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that may be relevant to shareholders electing to have their shares redeemed for cash pursuant to the exercise of redemption rights through an Election in light of their particular circumstances, including:
Moreover, the discussion below is based upon the provisions of the Code, the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder and administrative and judicial interpretations thereof, all as of the date hereof, and such provisions may be repealed, revoked, modified or subject to differing interpretations, possibly on a retroactive basis, so as to result in U.S. federal income tax consequences different from those discussed below. Furthermore, this discussion does not address any aspect of U.S. federal non-income tax laws, such as gift, estate or Medicare contribution tax laws, or state, local or non-U.S. tax laws.
We have not sought, and will not seek, a ruling from the IRS as to any U.S. federal income tax consequence described herein. The IRS may disagree with the discussion herein, and its determination may be upheld by a court. Moreover, there can be no assurance that future legislation, regulations, administrative rulings or court decisions will not adversely affect the accuracy of the statements in this discussion.
This discussion does not consider the tax treatment of partnerships or other pass-through entities or persons who hold our securities through such entities. If a partnership (or other entity classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) is the beneficial owner of our ordinary shares or warrants, the U.S. federal income tax treatment of a partner in the partnership generally will depend on the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. If you are a partner of a partnership holding our securities, we urge you to consult your own tax advisor.
EACH SHAREHOLDER IS URGED TO CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS WITH RESPECT TO THE PARTICULAR TAX CONSEQUENCES TO SUCH SHAREHOLDER OF THE EXERCISE OF REDEMPTION RIGHTS THROUGH AN ELECTION, INCLUDING THE APPLICABILITY AND EFFECT OF ANY STATE, LOCAL, AND NON-U.S. TAX LAWS.
U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations to Redeeming U.S. Holders 
For purposes of this discussion, a "Redeeming U.S. Holder" is a beneficial owner of ordinary shares that so redeems its shares and is:
Tax Treatment of the Redemption — In General 
Subject to the passive foreign investment company ("PFIC") rules discussed below, the tax treatment of a Redeeming U.S. Holder for United States federal income tax purposes will depend on whether the redemption qualifies as a sale of the redeemed ordinary shares under Section 302 of the Code. If the redemption qualifies as a sale of the redeemed ordinary shares, the Redeeming U.S. Holder will be treated as described under " — Redemption as Sale" below. If the redemption does not qualify as a sale of the redeemed ordinary shares, the Redeeming U.S. Holder will be treated as receiving a corporate distribution with the tax consequences described below under " — Redemption as Distribution." Whether a redemption qualifies for sale treatment will depend largely on the total number of shares treated as held by the Redeeming U.S. Holder (including any shares constructively owned by the Redeeming U.S. Holder as a result of owning warrants) relative to all of our shares outstanding both before and after the redemption. The redemption of ordinary shares generally will be treated as a sale of the redeemed ordinary shares (rather than as a corporate distribution) if such redemption (i) is "substantially disproportionate" with respect to the Redeeming U.S. Holder, (ii) results in a "complete termination" of the Redeeming U.S. Holder's interest in us or (iii) is "not essentially equivalent to a dividend" with respect to the Redeeming U.S. Holder. These tests are explained more fully below.
In determining whether any of the foregoing tests are satisfied, a Redeeming U.S. Holder takes into account not only our shares actually owned by the Redeeming U.S. Holder, but also our shares that are constructively owned by such Redeeming U.S. Holder. A Redeeming U.S. Holder may constructively own, in addition to shares owned directly, shares owned by certain related individuals and entities in which the Redeeming U.S. Holder has an interest or that have an interest in such Redeeming U.S. Holder, as well as any shares the Redeeming U.S. Holder has a right to acquire by exercise of an option, which would generally include our shares which could be acquired pursuant to the exercise of the warrants. In order to meet the substantially disproportionate test, the percentage of our outstanding voting shares actually and constructively owned by the Redeeming U.S. Holder immediately following the redemption must, among other requirements, be less than 80 percent of the percentage of our outstanding voting shares actually and constructively owned by the Redeeming U.S. Holder immediately before the redemption. There will be a complete termination of a Redeeming U.S. Holder's interest if either (i) all of our shares actually and constructively owned by the Redeeming U.S. Holder are redeemed or (ii) all of our shares actually owned by the Redeeming U.S. Holder are redeemed and the Redeeming U.S. Holder is eligible to waive, and effectively waives in accordance with specific rules, the attribution of shares owned by certain family members and the Redeeming U.S. Holder does not constructively own any other shares of ours. The redemption will not be essentially equivalent to a dividend to a Redeeming U.S. Holder if the redemption results in a "meaningful reduction" of such Redeeming U.S. Holder's proportionate interest in us. Whether the redemption will result in a meaningful reduction in a Redeeming U.S. Holder's proportionate interest in us will depend on the particular facts and circumstances. However, the IRS has indicated in a published ruling that even a small reduction in the proportionate interest of a small minority shareholder in a publicly held corporation who exercises no control over corporate affairs may constitute such a "meaningful reduction."
If none of the foregoing tests are satisfied, then the redemption will be treated as a corporate distribution and the tax effects will be as described under " — Redemption as Distribution" below. After the application of those rules, any remaining tax basis of the Redeeming U.S. Holder in the redeemed shares will be added to the Redeeming U.S. Holder's adjusted tax basis in its remaining shares, or, if it has none, to the Redeeming U.S. Holder's adjusted tax basis in its warrants or possibly in other shares constructively owned by it.
Tax Treatment of the Redemption — Redemption as Sale 
Subject to the PFIC rules discussed below, if the redemption is treated as a sale to a Redeeming U.S. Holder, such Redeeming U.S. Holder will generally recognize capital gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount realized on the redemption and such Redeeming U.S. Holder's adjusted basis in the shares redeemed. Any such capital gain or loss generally will be long-term capital gain or loss if the Redeeming U.S. Holder's holding period for the shares redeemed exceeds one year at the time of the redemption. It is unclear, however, whether the redemption rights associated with our shares may suspend the running of the applicable holding period for this purpose. Long-term capital gain realized by a non-corporate U.S. Holder is currently eligible to be taxed at reduced rates. The deduction of capital losses is subject to certain limitations. Shareholders who hold different blocks of shares (generally, shares purchased or acquired on different dates or at different prices) should consult their tax advisors to determine how the above rules apply to them.
Tax Treatment of the Redemption — Redemption as Distribution 
Subject to the PFIC rules discussed below, if the redemption is treated as a corporate distribution to a Redeeming U.S. Holder, such Redeeming U.S. Holder generally will be required to include in gross income the consideration paid to such Redeeming U.S. Holder as dividend income for U.S. federal income tax purposes to the extent of our current or accumulated earnings and profits (as determined under U.S. federal income tax principles). Such amounts treated as dividends paid by us generally will be taxable to a corporate U.S. Holder at regular rates and will not be eligible for the dividends-received deduction generally allowed to domestic corporations in respect of dividends received from other domestic corporations. With respect to a non-corporate Redeeming U.S. Holder, under tax laws currently in effect, such amounts treated as dividends generally will be treated as "qualified dividends," which are taxed at the lower applicable long-term capital gains rate, only if our ordinary shares are readily tradable on an established securities market in the United States, we are not a PFIC during the taxable year in which the distribution is made or the preceding taxable year, and certain other requirements are met. No assurance can be given that such preferential rates of tax will apply to such amounts treated as dividends paid on our ordinary shares held by a Redeeming U.S. Holder. In addition, for purposes of "qualified dividend" treatment, due to the redemption right, a Redeeming U.S. Holder may be unable to include the time period prior to the redemption in the shareholder's "holding period." Redeeming U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding the availability of such lower rate for any amounts treated as dividends paid by us.
Amounts treated as distributions which are in excess of our current or accumulated earnings and profits generally will be applied against and reduce the Redeeming U.S. Holder's basis in its shares (but not below zero) and, to the extent in excess of such basis, will be treated as gain from the sale or exchange of such shares.
As these rules are complex, beneficial owners considering exercising their redemption rights should consult their own tax advisors as to whether the redemption will be treated as a sale or as a distribution under the Code.
Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules 
A foreign (i.e., non-U.S.) corporation will be classified as a PFIC for U.S. tax purposes in any taxable year in which either (i) at least 75% of its gross income in a taxable year, including its pro rata share of the gross income of any corporation in which it is considered to own at least 25% of the shares by value, is passive income or (ii) on average, at least 50% of its assets in a taxable year (ordinarily determined based on fair market value and averaged quarterly over the year), including its pro rata share of the assets of any corporation in which it is considered to own at least 25% of the shares by value, are held for the production of, or produce, passive income. Passive income generally includes, among other things, dividends, interest, rents and royalties (other than rents or royalties derived from the active conduct of a trade or business) and gains from the disposition of passive assets.
Because we are a blank check company, with no current active business, we believe that it is likely that we met the PFIC asset or income test for our initial taxable year ended December 31, 2016 and our taxable year ending December 31, 2017. Our actual PFIC status for our current taxable year or any subsequent taxable year, however, will not be determinable until after the end of such taxable year. The determination of whether we are or have been a PFIC is primarily factual, and there is little administrative or judicial authority on which to rely to make a determination of PFIC status. Accordingly, the IRS or a court considering the matter may not agree with our analysis of whether or not we are or were a PFIC during any taxable year.
If we are determined to be a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a Redeeming U.S. Holder of our shares or warrants and, in the case of our shares, the Redeeming U.S. Holder did not make either a timely qualified electing fund ("QEF") election for our first taxable year as a PFIC in which the Redeeming U.S. Holder held (or was deemed to hold) shares or a timely "mark-to-market" election, in each case as described below, such holder generally will be subject to special rules with respect to:
Under these special rules:
In general, if we are determined to be a PFIC, a Redeeming U.S. Holder may avoid the PFIC tax consequences described above in respect to our shares (but not our warrants) by making a timely QEF election (if eligible to do so) to include in income its pro rata share of our net capital gains (as long-term capital gain) and other earnings and profits (as ordinary income), on a current basis, in each case whether or not distributed, in the taxable year of the Redeeming U.S. Holder in which or with which our taxable year ends. In general, a QEF election must be made on or before the due date (including extensions) for filing such Redeeming U.S. Holder's tax return for the taxable year for which the election relates. A Redeeming U.S. Holder may make a separate election to defer the payment of taxes on undistributed income inclusions under the QEF rules, but if deferred, any such taxes will be subject to an interest charge.
A Redeeming U.S. Holder may not make a QEF election with respect to its warrants to acquire our shares. As a result, if a Redeeming U.S. Holder sells or otherwise disposes of such warrants (other than upon exercise of such warrants), any gain recognized generally will be subject to the special tax and interest charge rules treating the gain as an excess distribution, as described above, if we were a PFIC at any time during the period the Redeeming U.S. Holder held the warrants. If a Redeeming U.S. Holder that exercises such warrants properly makes a QEF election with respect to the newly acquired shares (or has previously made a QEF election with respect to our shares), the QEF election will apply to the newly acquired shares, but the adverse tax consequences relating to PFIC shares, adjusted to take into account the current income inclusions resulting from the QEF election, will continue to apply with respect to such newly acquired shares (which generally will be deemed to have a holding period for purposes of the PFIC rules that includes the period the Redeeming U.S. Holder held the warrants), unless the Redeeming U.S. Holder makes a purging election. The purging election creates a deemed sale of such shares at their fair market value. The gain recognized by the purging election will be subject to the special tax and interest charge rules treating the gain as an excess distribution, as described above. As a result of the purging election, the Redeeming U.S. Holder will have a new basis and holding period in the shares acquired upon the exercise of the warrants for purposes of the PFIC rules.
The QEF election is made on a shareholder-by-shareholder basis and, once made, can be revoked only with the consent of the IRS. A QEF election may not be made with respect to our warrants. A Redeeming U.S. Holder generally makes a QEF election by attaching a completed IRS Form 8621 (Information Return by a Shareholder of a Passive Foreign Investment Company or Qualified Electing Fund), including the information provided in a PFIC annual information statement, to a timely filed U.S. federal income tax return for the tax year to which the election relates. Retroactive QEF elections generally may be made only by filing a protective statement with such return and if certain other conditions are met or with the consent of the IRS. Redeeming U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding the availability and tax consequences of a retroactive QEF election under their particular circumstances.
In order to comply with the requirements of a QEF election, a Redeeming U.S. Holder must receive a PFIC annual information statement from us. If we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year, we will endeavor to provide to a Redeeming U.S. Holder such information as the IRS may require, including a PFIC annual information statement, in order to enable the Redeeming U.S. Holder to make and maintain a QEF election, but there can be no assurance that we will timely provide such required information. There is also no assurance that we will have timely knowledge of our status as a PFIC in the future or of the required information to be provided.
If a Redeeming U.S. Holder has made a QEF election with respect to our shares, and the special tax and interest charge rules do not apply to such shares (because of a timely QEF election for our first taxable year as a PFIC in which the Redeeming U.S. Holder holds (or is deemed to hold) such shares or a purge of the PFIC taint pursuant to a purging election, as described above), any gain recognized on the sale of our shares generally will be taxable as capital gain and no interest charge will be imposed. As discussed above, Redeeming U.S. Holders of a QEF are currently taxed on their pro rata shares of its earnings and profits, whether or not distributed. In such case, a subsequent distribution of such earnings and profits that were previously included in income generally should not be taxable as a dividend to such Redeeming U.S. Holders. The tax basis of a Redeeming U.S. Holder's shares in a QEF will be increased by amounts that are included in income, and decreased by amounts distributed but not taxed as dividends, under the above rules. Similar basis adjustments apply to property if by reason of holding such property the Redeeming U.S. Holder is treated under the applicable attribution rules as owning shares in a QEF.
Although a determination as to our PFIC status will be made annually, a determination that we are a PFIC for any particular year will generally apply for subsequent years to a Redeeming U.S. Holder who held shares or warrants while we were a PFIC, whether or not we meet the test for PFIC status in those subsequent years. A Redeeming U.S. Holder who makes the QEF election discussed above for our first taxable year as a PFIC in which the Redeeming U.S. Holder holds (or is deemed to hold) our shares and receives the requisite PFIC annual information statement, however, will not be subject to the PFIC tax and interest charge rules discussed above in respect to such shares. In addition, such Redeeming U.S. Holder will not be subject to the QEF inclusion regime with respect to such shares for any taxable year of us that ends within or with a taxable year of the Redeeming U.S. Holder and in which we are not a PFIC. On the other hand, if the QEF election is not effective for each of our taxable years in which we are a PFIC and the Redeeming U.S. Holder holds (or is deemed to hold) our shares, the PFIC rules discussed above will continue to apply to such shares unless the holder makes a purging election, as described above, and pays the tax and interest charge with respect to the gain inherent in such shares attributable to the pre-QEF election period.
Alternatively, if a Redeeming U.S. Holder, at the close of its taxable year, owns shares in a PFIC that are treated as marketable stock, the Redeeming U.S. Holder may make a mark-to-market election with respect to such shares for such taxable year. If the Redeeming U.S. Holder makes a valid mark-to-market election for the first taxable year of the Redeeming U.S. Holder in which the Redeeming U.S. Holder holds (or is deemed to hold) shares and for which we are determined to be a PFIC, such holder generally will not be subject to the PFIC rules described above in respect to its shares. Instead, in general, the Redeeming U.S. Holder will include as ordinary income each year the excess, if any, of the fair market value of its shares at the end of its taxable year over the adjusted basis in its shares. The Redeeming U.S. Holder also will be allowed to take an ordinary loss in respect of the excess, if any, of the adjusted basis of its shares over the fair market value of its shares at the end of its taxable year (but only to the extent of the net amount of previously included income as a result of the mark-to-market election). The Redeeming U.S. Holder's basis in its shares will be adjusted to reflect any such income or loss amounts, and any further gain recognized on a sale or other taxable disposition of the shares will be treated as ordinary income. Currently, a mark-to-market election may not be made with respect to our warrants.
The mark-to-market election is available only for stock that is regularly traded on a national securities exchange that is registered with the SEC, including Nasdaq, or on a foreign exchange or market that the IRS determines has rules sufficient to ensure that the market price represents a legitimate and sound fair market value. Redeeming U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding the availability and tax consequences of a mark-to-market election in respect to our shares under their particular circumstances.
If we are a PFIC and, at any time, have a foreign subsidiary that is classified as a PFIC, Redeeming U.S. Holders generally would be deemed to own a portion of the shares of such lower-tier PFIC, and generally could incur liability for the deferred tax and interest charge described above if we receive a distribution from, or dispose of all or part of our interest in, the lower-tier PFIC or the Redeeming U.S. Holders otherwise were deemed to have disposed of an interest in the lower-tier PFIC. We will endeavor to cause any lower-tier PFIC to provide to a Redeeming U.S. Holder the information that may be required to make or maintain a QEF election with respect to the lower-tier PFIC. However, there is no assurance that we will have timely knowledge of the status of any such lower-tier PFIC. In addition, we may not hold a controlling interest in any such lower-tier PFIC and thus there can be no assurance we will be able to cause the lower-tier PFIC to provide the required information. Redeeming U.S. Holders are urged to consult their own tax advisors regarding the tax issues raised by lower-tier PFICs.
A Redeeming U.S. Holder that owns (or is deemed to own) shares in a PFIC during any taxable year of the Redeeming U.S. Holder, may have to file an IRS Form 8621 (whether or not a QEF or mark-to-market election is made) and such other information as may be required by the U.S. Treasury Department. Failure to do so, if required, may result in substantial penalties and the extension of the period of limitations on assessment and collection of U.S. federal income taxes.
The application of the PFIC rules is extremely complex. Shareholders considering participating in the redemption should consult with their own tax advisors concerning the application of the PFIC rules in their particular circumstances.
U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations to Redeeming Non-U.S. Holders 
For purposes of this discussion, a "Redeeming Non-U.S. Holder" is a beneficial owner (other than a partnership or entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) who or that so elects to have its shares redeemed and is not a Redeeming U.S. Holder.
Except as otherwise discussed in this section, a Redeeming Non-U.S. Holder who elects to have its shares redeemed will generally be treated in the same manner as a Redeeming U.S. Holder for U.S. federal income tax purposes. See the discussion above under "U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations to Redeeming U.S. Holders."
With respect to any redemption treated as a sale, a Redeeming Non-U.S. Holder will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on any capital gain recognized as a result of the exchange unless:
With respect to any redemption treated as a distribution rather than a sale, any amount treated as dividend income to a Redeeming Non-U.S. Holder that is effectively connected with such holder's conduct of a U.S. trade or business (and, if an income tax treaty applies, such dividends are attributable to a permanent establishment maintained by the Redeeming Non-U.S. Holder in the United States), will be taxed as discussed above under "U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations to Redeeming U.S. Holders." In addition, dividends received by a corporate Redeeming Non-U.S. Holder that are effectively connected with such Redeeming Non-U.S. Holder's conduct of a U.S. trade or business may also be subject to an additional branch profits tax at a rate of 30% or such lower rate as may be specified by an applicable income tax treaty.
As these rules are complex, shareholders considering exercising their redemption rights should consult their own tax advisors as to whether the redemption will be treated as a sale or as a distribution under the Code.
Information Reporting and Backup Withholding 
In general, proceeds from the exercise of redemption rights may be subject to information reporting to the IRS and possible United States backup withholding. Backup withholding will not apply, however, to a Redeeming U.S. Holder who furnishes a correct taxpayer identification number and makes other required certifications, or who is otherwise exempt from backup withholding and establishes such exempt status. A Redeeming Non-U.S. Holder generally can eliminate the requirement for information reporting and backup withholding by providing certification of its foreign status, under penalties of perjury, on a duly executed applicable IRS Form W-8 or by otherwise establishing an exemption.
Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Amounts withheld as backup withholding may be credited against a holder's U.S. federal income tax liability, and a holder generally may obtain a refund of any excess amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules by timely filing the appropriate claim for refund with the IRS and furnishing any required information.
FATCA 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code and the Treasury Regulations and administrative guidance promulgated thereunder (commonly referred as the "Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act" or "FATCA") generally impose withholding at a rate of 30% in certain circumstances on dividends in respect of, and, after December 31, 2018, gross proceeds from the sale or other disposition of, our securities which are held by or through certain foreign financial institutions (including investment funds), unless any such institution (i) enters into, and complies with, an agreement with the IRS to report, on an annual basis, information with respect to interests in, and accounts maintained by, the institution that are owned by certain U.S. persons and by certain non-U.S. entities that are wholly or partially owned by U.S. persons and to withhold on certain payments, or (ii) if required under an intergovernmental agreement between the United States and an applicable foreign country, reports such information to its local tax authority, which will exchange such information with the U.S. authorities. An intergovernmental agreement between the United States and an applicable foreign country may modify these requirements. Accordingly, the entity through which our securities are held will affect the determination of whether such withholding is required. Similarly, dividends in respect of, and, after December 31, 2018, gross proceeds from the sale or other disposition of, our securities held by an investor that is a non-financial non-U.S. entity that does not qualify under certain exceptions will generally be subject to withholding at a rate of 30%, unless such entity either (i) certifies to us or the applicable withholding agent that such entity does not have any "substantial United States owners" or (ii) provides certain information regarding the entity's "substantial United States owners," which will in turn be provided to the U.S. Department of Treasury. All shareholders are urged to consult their own tax advisors regarding the possible implications of FATCA on their redemption decision.
The foregoing discussion of U.S. federal income tax considerations is included for general purposes only. All shareholders are urged to consult their own tax advisors to determine the particular tax consequences to them (including the application and effect of any U.S. federal, state, local or foreign income or other tax laws) of electing to exercise redemption rights in connection with the Extension Amendment.
The Extraordinary General Meeting 
Date, Time and Place. The Extraordinary General Meeting will be held at 10:00 a.m. Eastern Time on October 30, 2018 at the offices of Winston & Strawn LLP, located at 200 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10166.
Voting Power; Record Date. You will be entitled to vote or direct votes to be cast at the Extraordinary General Meeting if you owned ordinary shares at the close of business on October 5, 2018, the record date for the Extraordinary General Meeting. You will have one vote per proposal for each ordinary share you owned at that time. The Company warrants do not carry voting rights.
Votes Required. The approval of the Extension Amendment Proposal requires a special resolution under the Cayman Islands Companies Law, being the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the then issued and outstanding ordinary shares who, being present and entitled to vote at the Extraordinary General Meeting, vote at the Extraordinary General Meeting. Abstentions and broker non-votes, while considered present for the purposes of establishing a quorum, will not count as a vote cast at the Extraordinary General Meeting.
On the record date of the Extraordinary General Meeting, there were 69,000,000 ordinary shares outstanding, of which 55,200,000 were public shares and 13,800,000 were founder shares. Each of the Company's ordinary shares entitles its holder to cast one vote per proposal.
If you do not want the Extension Amendment Proposal approved, you must vote "AGAINST" the Extension Amendment. The Company anticipates that a public shareholder who tenders public shares for redemption in connection with the vote to approve the Extension Amendment Proposal would receive payment of the redemption price for such shares soon after the completion of the Extension Amendment Proposal.
Proxies; Board Solicitation; Proxy Solicitor. Your proxy is being solicited by our board on the proposals to approve the Extension Amendment Proposal being presented to shareholders at the Extraordinary General Meeting. The Company has engaged Morrow to assist in the solicitation of proxies for the Extraordinary General Meeting. No recommendation is being made as to whether you should elect to redeem your public shares. Proxies may be solicited in person or by telephone. If you grant a proxy, you may still revoke your proxy and vote your shares in person at the Extraordinary General Meeting if you are a holder of record of ordinary shares. You may contact Morrow at:
Morrow Sodali LLC  470 West Avenue, 3rd Floor  Stamford, Connecticut 06902  Shareholders, please call toll free: (800) 662-5200  Banks and Brokerage Firms, please call collect: (203) 658-9400  Email: GTYH.info@morrowsodali.com
Required Vote 
The approval of the Extension Amendment Proposal requires a special resolution under the Cayman Islands Companies Law, being the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the then issued and outstanding ordinary shares who, being present and entitled to vote at the Extraordinary General Meeting, vote at the Extraordinary General Meeting.
If the Extension Amendment Proposal is not approved, the Extension Amendment will not be implemented and the Company will be required by its Articles to (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem all of the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the proceeds then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), less income taxes payable, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish rights of the public shareholders' rights as shareholders of the Company (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the other requirements of other applicable law. The approval of the Extension Amendment Proposal is essential to the implementation of our board's plan to extend the date by which we must consummate our initial business combination.
In addition, our initial shareholders, advisors or their affiliates may purchase our shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to the Extraordinary General Meeting, although they are under no obligation to do so. Any such purchases that are completed after the record date for the Extraordinary General Meeting may include an agreement with a selling shareholder that such shareholder, for so long as it remains the record holder of the shares in question, will vote in favor of the Extension Amendment Proposal and/or will not exercise its redemption rights with respect to the shares so purchased. The purpose of such share purchases and other transactions would be to increase the likelihood of that the resolutions to be put to the Extraordinary General Meeting are approved by the requisite number of votes. In the event that such purchases do occur, the purchasers may seek to purchase shares from shareholders who would otherwise have voted against the Extension Amendment Proposal and elected to redeem their shares for a portion of the Trust Account. Any such privately negotiated purchases may be effected at purchase prices that are below or in excess of the per-share pro rata portion of the Trust Account. Any public shares held by or subsequently purchased by our affiliates may be voted in favor of the Extension Amendment Proposal. None of our initial shareholders, advisors or their affiliates may make any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or during a restricted period under Regulation M under the Exchange Act.
Interests of Our Initial Shareholders 
When you consider the recommendation of our board, you should keep in mind that our initial shareholders, officers and members of our board have interests that may be different from, or in addition to, your interests as a shareholder. These interests include, among other things, the interests listed below:
The Board's Reasons for the Extension Amendment Proposal and Its Recommendation 
As discussed below, after careful consideration of all relevant factors, our board has determined that the Extension Amendment Proposal is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders. Our board has approved and declared advisable adoption of the Extension Amendment Proposal, and recommends that you vote "FOR" such proposal.
Our IPO prospectus and Articles provide that the Company has until November 1, 2018 to complete the purposes of the Company including, but not limited to, effecting a business combination under its terms. The Company's IPO prospectus and Articles state that if the Company's shareholders approve an amendment to the Articles that would affect the substance or timing of the Company's obligation to redeem all of the public shares if it does not complete a business combination before November 1, 2018, the Company will provide its public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account, less income taxes payable, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares.
We believe that this provision of the Articles was included to protect the Company shareholders from having to sustain their investments for an unreasonably long period if the Company failed to find a suitable business combination in the timeframe contemplated by the Articles. We also believe that, given the Company's expenditure of time, effort and money on seeking an initial business combination, circumstances warrant providing those who believe they might find the Business Combination to be an attractive investment with an opportunity to consider such transaction.
Because the Company believes that the opportunity to consummate an initial business combination through to the Extended Date to be in the best interests of the Company's shareholders, the Company has determined to seek shareholder approval to extend the time for closing an initial business combination beyond November 1, 2018 to the Extended Date.
The Company is not asking you to vote on any proposed business combination at this time. If the Extension is implemented and you do not elect to redeem your public shares, you will retain the right to vote on any proposed business combination in the future and the right to redeem your public shares at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account, less income taxes payable, taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, in the event a proposed business combination is completed or the Company has not consummated an initial business combination by the Extended Date.
After careful consideration of all relevant factors, the Company's board determined that the Extension Amendment Proposal is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders.
Our board unanimously recommends that our shareholders vote "FOR" the approval of the Extension Amendment Proposal.
THE ADJOURNMENT PROPOSAL
Overview 
The Adjournment Proposal, if adopted, will allow our board to adjourn the Extraordinary General Meeting to a later date or dates to permit further solicitation of proxies. The Adjournment Proposal will only be presented to our shareholders in the event that there are insufficient votes for, or otherwise in connection with, the approval of the Extension Amendment Proposal. In no event will our board adjourn the Extraordinary General Meeting beyond November 1, 2018.
Consequences if the Adjournment Proposal is Not Approved 
If the Adjournment Proposal is not approved by our shareholders, our board may not be able to adjourn the Extraordinary General Meeting to a later date in the event that there are insufficient votes for, or otherwise in connection with, the approval of the Extension Amendment Proposal.
Vote Required for approval 
The Adjournment Proposal must be approved as an ordinary resolution under the Cayman Islands Companies Law, being the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the then issued and outstanding ordinary shares who, being present and entitled to vote at the Extraordinary General Meeting, vote at the Extraordinary General Meeting. Abstentions and broker non-votes, while considered present for the purposes of establishing a quorum, will not count as a vote cast at the Extraordinary General Meeting.
Recommendation of the Board 
Our board unanimously recommends that our shareholders vote "FOR" the approval of the Adjournment Proposal.
BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF SECURITIES
The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of the ordinary shares as of October 5, 2018, the record date, based on information obtained from the persons named below, with respect to the beneficial ownership of shares of the ordinary shares, by:
As of the record date, there were a total of 69,000,000 ordinary shares outstanding. Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary shares beneficially owned by them.
SUBMISSION OF SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS FOR THE 2019 ANNUAL MEETING
For any proposal to be considered for inclusion in our proxy statement and form of proxy for submission to the shareholders at our 2019 Annual General Meeting (the "2019 Annual Meeting"), it must be submitted in writing and comply with the requirements of Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act and our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Such proposals must be received by the Company at its offices at 1180 North Town Center Drive, Suite 100, Las Vegas, Nevada 89144 no later than February 6, 2019. If the date of the 2019 Annual Meeting has been changed by more than 30 days from the date of the Annual Meeting, then the deadline is a reasonable time before the Company begins to print and send its proxy materials.
Shareholders who wish to present a proposal before the 2019 Annual Meeting but do not intend for the proposal to be included in our proxy statement and form of proxy must submit such proposal in writing to the Company at its offices at 1180 North Town Center Drive, Suite 100, Las Vegas, Nevada 89144 no later than April 22, 2019. If the date of the 2019 Annual Meeting has been changed by more than 30 days from the date of the Annual Meeting, then the deadline is a reasonable time before the Company send its proxy materials.
Each proposal should include the exact language of the proposal, a brief description of the matter and the reasons for the proposal, the name and address of the shareholder making the proposal and the disclosure of that shareholder's number of ordinary shares owned, length of ownership of the shares, representation that the shareholder will continue to own the shares through the shareholder meeting, intention to appear in person or by proxy at the shareholder meeting and material interest, if any, in the matter being proposed.
If the Extension Amendment Proposal is not approved, there will be no annual meeting in 2019.
Nomination of Director Candidates 
In addition, Article 20.8 of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides notice procedures for shareholders to nominate candidates for election as directors at an annual general meeting. To be timely, a shareholder's notice must be delivered to us at the principal executive offices of the Company not later than the close of business on the 90th day nor earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to the scheduled date of the 2019 Annual Meeting. Assuming the meeting is held on June 27, 2019, such proposals must be received by the Company at its offices at 1180 North Town Center Drive, Suite 100, Las Vegas, Nevada 89144 no later than March 29, 2019 and no earlier than February 27, 2018.
Availability of our Articles 
You may contact our Secretary at our principal executive offices for a copy of our Articles.
HOUSEHOLDING INFORMATION
Unless we have received contrary instructions, we may send a single copy of this proxy statement to any household at which two or more shareholders reside if we believe the shareholders are members of the same family. This process, known as "householding," reduces the volume of duplicate information received at any one household and helps to reduce our expenses. However, if shareholders prefer to receive multiple sets of our disclosure documents at the same address this year or in future years, the shareholders should follow the instructions described below. Similarly, if an address is shared with another shareholder and together both of the shareholders would like to receive only a single set of our disclosure documents, the shareholders should follow these instructions:
WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION
We file reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC as required by the Exchange Act. You can read the Company's SEC filings, including this Proxy Statement, over the Internet at the SEC's website at http://www.sec.gov. You may also read and copy any document we file with the SEC at the SEC public reference room located at 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580 Washington, D.C., 20549. You may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. You may also obtain copies of the materials described above at prescribed rates by writing to the SEC, Public Reference Section, 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549.
If you would like additional copies of this Proxy Statement or if you have questions about the proposals to be presented at the Extraordinary General Meeting, you should contact the Company's proxy solicitation agent at the following address and telephone number:
Morrow Sodali LLC  470 West Avenue, 3rd Floor  Stamford, Connecticut 06902  Shareholders, please call toll free: (800) 662-5200  Banks and Brokerage Firms, please call collect: (203) 658-9400  Email: GTYH.info@morrowsodali.com
If you are a shareholder of the Company and would like to request documents, please do so by October 23, 2018 in order to receive them before the Extraordinary General Meeting. If you request any documents from us, we will mail them to you by first class mail, or another equally prompt means.
ANNEX A
PROPOSED AMENDMENTS TO THE SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED MEMORANDUM AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION OF GTY TECHNOLOGY HOLDINGS INC. 
GTY TECHNOLOGY HOLDINGS INC.  (the "Company")  RESOLUTIONS OF THE SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY
It was resolved as a special resolution THAT, effective immediately, the Second Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company be amended by:
"the Company does not consummate a Business Combination by twenty-four months after the closing of the IPO:"
and replacing it with the following:
"the Company does not consummate a Business Combination by May 1, 2019"; and
"within 24 months from the date of the closing of the IPO"
and replacing them with the words:
"by May 1, 2019".
FOR THE EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS OF GTY TECHNOLOGY HOLDINGS INC. THIS PROXY IS SOLICITED ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS The undersigned hereby appoints William D. Green and Harry L. You (the "Proxies"), and each of them independently, with full power of substitution, as proxies to vote all of the ordinary shares of GTY Technology Holdings Inc., a Cayman Islands exempted company (the "Company"), that the undersigned is entitled to vote (the "Shares") at the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders of the Company to be held on October 30, 2018 at 10:00 a.m. Local Time at the offices of Winston  & Strawn LLP, 200 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10166, and at any adjournments and/or postponements thereof. The undersigned acknowledges receipt of the enclosed proxy statement and revokes all prior proxies for said meeting. THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS PROXY WHEN PROPERLY EXECUTED WILL BE VOTED IN THE MANNER DIRECTED HEREIN BY THE UNDERSIGNED SHAREHOLDER(S). IF NO SPECIFIC DIRECTION IS GIVEN AS TO THE PROPOSALS ON THE REVERSE SIDE, THIS PROXY WILL BE VOTED "FOR" PROPOSALS 1 AND 2. PLEASE MARK, SIGN, DATE, AND RETURN THE PROXY CARD PROMPTLY. Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Extraordinary General Meeting to be held on October 30, 2018. This notice of Extraordinary General Meeting and the accompanying Proxy Statement are available at https://www.cstproxy.com/gtytechnologyholdings/sm2018/smproxy (Continued and to be marked, dated and signed below) The Adjournment Proposal – To approve the adjournment of the extraordinary general meeting to a later date or dates, if necessary or appropriate, to permit further solicitation and vote of proxies in the event that there are insufficient votes for, or otherwise in connection with, the approval of proposal 1. (1) The Extension Proposal – To amend the Company's second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to extend the date by which the Company has to consummate a business combination from November 1, 2018 to May 1, 2019. PROXY CARD PLEASE MARK YOUR VOTE AS INDICATED IN THIS EXAMPLE X Date: , 2018 Signature Signature ( if held jointly) When Shares are held by joint tenants, both should sign. When signing as attorney, executor, administrator, trustee or guardian, please give full title as such. If a corporation, please sign in full corporate name by the president or another authorized officer. If a partnership, please sign in partnership name by an authorized person. The Shares represented by the proxy, when properly executed, will be voted in the manner directed herein by the undersigned shareholder(s). If no direction is made, this proxy will be voted FOR each of Proposals 1 and 2. If any other matters properly come before the meeting, unless such authority is withheld on this proxy card, the Proxies will vote on such matters in their discretion. GTY TECHNOLOGY HOLDINGS INC. — THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE "FOR" PROPOSALS 1 AND 2. FOR AGAINST ABSTAIN FOR AGAINST ABSTAIN
 