
UNITED STATESSECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSIONWashington, D.C. 20549
SCHEDULE 14A(Rule 14a-101)
Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of theSecurities Exchange Act of 1934(Amendment No.    )
Filed by the Registrant ☒
Filed by a Party other than the Registrant ☐
Check the appropriate box:
☐     Preliminary Proxy Statement​
☐     Confidential, for Use of Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2))​
☒     Definitive Proxy Statement
☐     Definitive Additional Materials
☐     Soliciting Material Pursuant to §240.14a-12​
KBL MERGER CORP. IV
(Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)
Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box):
[BEGIN TABLE]
  (3) Per                                           unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act                                           Rule 0-11 (set forth the amount on which the filing fee is calculated and state how it                                           was determined): 
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
  ☐ Check                                           box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2) and                                           identify the filing for which the offsetting fee was paid previously. Identify the previous                                           filing by registration statement number, or the form or schedule and the date of its                                           filing. 
[END TABLE]
KBL MERGER CORP. IV527 Stanton Christiana Rd.Newark, Delaware 19713
To the Stockholders of KBL Merger Corp. IV:
You are cordially invited to attend the 2018 annual meeting of stockholders (the "Annual Meeting") of KBL Merger Corp. IV (the "Company") to be held on Friday, December 21, 2018 at 10:00 a.m., local time, at the offices of Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP, located at 1345 Avenue of the Americas, 11th Floor, New York, New York 10105 to consider and vote upon the following proposals:
​
​
THE BOARD UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS A VOTE "FOR" THE ELECTION OF EACH NOMINEE FOR DIRECTOR AND "FOR" THE RATIFICATION OF WITHUMSMITH+BROWN, PC TO SERVE AS OUR INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM.
The Board has fixed the close of business on November 16, 2018 as the record date (the "Record Date") for the determination of stockholders entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the Annual Meeting or any postponement or adjournment thereof. Accordingly, only stockholders of record at the close of business on the Record Date are entitled to notice of, and shall be entitled to vote at, the Annual Meeting or any postponement or adjournment thereof.
Your vote is important. You are requested to carefully read the proxy statement and accompanying Notice of Annual Meeting for a more complete statement of matters to be considered at the Annual Meeting.
This proxy statement is dated November 28, 2018and is being mailed with the form of proxy on or shortly after November 29, 2018.
IMPORTANT
Whether or not you expect to attend the Annual Meeting, you are respectfully requested by the Board of Directors to sign, date and return the enclosed proxy promptly, or follow the instructions contained in the proxy card or voting instructions. If you grant a proxy, you may revoke it at any time prior to the Annual Meeting or vote in person at the Annual Meeting.
PLEASE NOTE: If your shares are held in street name, your broker, bank, custodian, or other nominee holder cannot vote your shares in the election of directors unless you direct the nominee holder how to vote, by returning your proxy card or by following the instructions contained on the proxy card or voting instruction form, or submit your proxy by telephone or over the Internet (if those options are available to you) in accordance with the instructions on the enclosed proxy card or voting instruction card.
KBL MERGER CORP. IV527 Stanton Christiana Rd.Newark, Delaware 19713
NOTICE OF 2018 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERSTO BE HELD DECEMBER 21, 2018
To the Stockholders of KBL Merger Corp. IV:
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the 2018 annual meeting of stockholders (the "Annual Meeting") of KBL Merger Corp. IV, a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), will be held on Friday, December 21, 2018 at 10:00 a.m., local time, at the offices of Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP, located at 1345 Avenue of the Americas, 11th Floor, New York, New York 10105, to consider and vote upon the following proposals:
​
​
Only stockholders of record of the Company as of the close of business on November 16, 2018 are entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the Annual Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof. Each share of common stock entitles the holder thereof to one vote.
Your vote is important. Proxy voting permits stockholders unable to attend the Annual Meeting to vote their shares through a proxy. By appointing a proxy, your shares will be represented and voted in accordance with your instructions. You can vote your shares by completing and returning your proxy card, or submit your proxy by telephone, fax, or over the Internet (if those options are available to you) in accordance with the instructions on the enclosed proxy card or voting instruction card. Proxy cards that are signed and returned but do not include voting instructions will be voted by the proxy as recommended by the Board. You can change your voting instructions or revoke your proxy at any time prior to the Annual Meeting by following the instructions included in this proxy statement and on the proxy card.
Even if you plan to attend the Annual Meeting in person, it is strongly recommended that you complete and return your proxy card before the Annual Meeting date to ensure that your shares will be represented at the Annual Meeting if you are unable to attend. You are urged to review carefully the information contained in the enclosed proxy statement prior to deciding how to vote your shares. You may also access our proxy materials at the following website: https://www.cstproxy.com/kblmerger/2018.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 i
KBL MERGER CORP. IV527 Stanton Christiana Rd.Newark, Delaware 19713
PROXY STATEMENT
2018 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERSTo be held on Friday, December 21, 2018, at 10:00 a.m., local timeat the offices of Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP1345 Avenue of the Americas, 11th FloorNew York, New York 10105
QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THESE PROXY MATERIALS
Why did you send me this proxy statement?
This proxy statement and the enclosed proxy card are being sent to you in connection with the solicitation of proxies by the Board of Directors (the "Board of Directors" or "Board") of KBL Merger Corp. IV, a Delaware corporation (the "Company," "we," us," and "our"), for use at the annual meeting of stockholders (the "Annual Meeting") to be held on Friday, December 21, 2018 at 10:00 a.m., local time, at the offices of Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP, located at 1345 Avenue of the Americas, 11th Floor, New York, New York 10105, or at any adjournments or postponements thereof. This proxy statement summarizes the information that you need to make an informed decision on the proposals to be considered at the Annual Meeting. This proxy statement and the enclosed proxy card were first sent to the Company's stockholders on or about November 29, 2018.
What is included in these materials?
These materials include:
​
​
What proposals will be addressed at the Annual Meeting?
Stockholders will be asked to consider the following proposals at the Annual Meeting:
​
We will also consider any other business that properly comes before the Annual Meeting.
How does the Board of Directors recommend that I vote?
Our Board of Directors unanimously recommends that stockholders vote "FOR" each nominee for Director and "FOR" the ratification of the selection of Withum as our independent registered public accounting firm. Who may vote at the Annual Meeting of stockholders?
Stockholders who owned shares of the Company's common stock, par value $.0001 per share, as of the close of business on November 16, 2018 are entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting. As of the Record Date, there were 14,877,500 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding.
How many votes must be present to hold the Annual Meeting?
Your shares are counted as present at the Annual Meeting if you attend the Annual Meeting and vote in person, if you properly submit your proxy or if your shares are registered in the name of a bank or brokerage firm and you do not provide voting instructions and such bank or broker casts a vote on the ratification of our independent registered public accounting firm. On November 16, 2018, there were 14,877,500 shares of the Company's common stock outstanding and entitled to vote. In order for us to conduct the Annual Meeting, a majority of our outstanding shares of common stock entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting must be present at the Annual Meeting. This is referred to as a quorum. Consequently, 7,438,751 shares of common stock must be present at the Annual Meeting to constitute a quorum.
How many votes do I have?
Each share of common stock is entitled to one vote on each matter that comes before the Annual Meeting. Information about the stock holdings of our directors and executive officers is contained in the section of this Proxy Statement entitled "Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management."
What is the difference between a stockholder of record and a beneficial owner of shares held in street name?
Stockholder of Record.    If your shares are registered directly in your name with the Company's transfer agent, Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, you are considered the stockholder of record with respect to those shares, and the proxy materials were sent directly to you by the Company.
Beneficial Owner of Shares Held in Street Name.    If your shares are held in an account at a brokerage firm, bank, broker-dealer, or other similar organization, then you are the beneficial owner of shares held in "street name," and the proxy materials were forwarded to you by that organization. The organization holding your account is considered the stockholder of record for purposes of voting at the Annual Meeting. As a beneficial owner, you have the right to instruct that organization on how to vote the shares held in your account. Those instructions are contained in a "vote instruction form."
What is the proxy card?
The proxy card enables you to appoint Marlene Krauss, M.D., our Chief Executive Officer, and Joseph A. Williamson, our Chief Operating Officer, as your representatives, at the Annual Meeting. By completing and returning the proxy card, you are authorizing Dr. Krauss and Mr. Williamson to vote your shares at the Annual Meeting in accordance with your instructions on the proxy card. This way, your shares will be voted whether or not you attend the Annual Meeting. Even if you plan to attend the Annual Meeting, it is strongly recommended that you complete and return your proxy card before the Annual Meeting date in case your plans change. If a proposal comes up for vote at the Annual Meeting that is not on the proxy card, the proxies will vote your shares, under your proxy, according to their best judgment. If I am a stockholder of record of the Company's shares, how do I vote?
There are two ways to vote:
If I am a beneficial owner of shares held in street name, how do I vote?
There are three ways to vote:
​​
Will my shares be voted if I do not provide my proxy?
If you hold your shares directly in your own name, they will not be voted if you do not provide a proxy.
Your shares may be voted under certain circumstances if they are held in the name of a brokerage firm. Brokerage firms generally have the authority to vote shares not voted by customers on certain "routine" matters, including the ratification of an independent registered public accounting firm. Accordingly, at the Annual Meeting, your shares may only be voted by your brokerage firm for the ratification of our independent registered public accounting firm.
Brokers are prohibited from exercising discretionary authority on non-routine matters. The election of Class I directors is considered a non-routine matter, and therefore brokers cannot exercise discretionary authority regarding this proposal for beneficial owners who have not returned proxies to the brokers (so-called "broker non-votes"). In the case of broker non-votes, and in cases where you abstain from voting on a matter when present at the Annual Meeting and entitled to vote, those shares will still be counted for purposes of determining if a quorum is present.
What vote is required to elect directors?
Directors are elected by a plurality of the votes cast at the Annual Meeting. Abstentions will have no effect on this proposal, assuming that a quorum is present. What vote is required to ratify the selection by our Audit Committee of Withum as our independent registered public accounting firm?
Approval of the proposal to ratify the selection of Withum as our independent registered public accounting firm requires the affirmative vote of the majority of the votes cast by stockholders present in person or by proxy and entitled to vote on the matter at the Annual Meeting. Abstentions will have no effect on this proposal, assuming that a quorum is present.
Can I change my vote after I have voted?
You may revoke your proxy and change your vote at any time before the final vote at the Annual Meeting. You may vote again by signing and returning a new proxy card or vote instruction form with a later date or by attending the Annual Meeting and voting in person if you are a stockholder of record. However, your attendance at the Annual Meeting will not automatically revoke your proxy unless you vote again at the Annual Meeting or specifically request that your prior proxy be revoked by delivering to the Company's Secretary at 527 Stanton Christiana Rd., Newark, Delaware 19713 a written notice of revocation prior to the Annual Meeting.
Please note, however, that if your shares are held of record by a brokerage firm, bank or other nominee, you must instruct your broker, bank or other nominee that you wish to change your vote by following the procedures on the voting form provided to you by the broker, bank or other nominee. If your shares are held in street name, and you wish to attend the Annual Meeting and vote at the Annual Meeting, you must bring to the Annual Meeting a legal proxy from the broker, bank or other nominee holding your shares, confirming your beneficial ownership of the shares and giving you the right to vote your shares.
What happens if I do not indicate how to vote my proxy?
If you sign your proxy card without providing further instructions, your shares will be voted "FOR" all the director nominees and "FOR" the ratification of Withum to serve as our independent registered public accounting firm.
Is my vote kept confidential?
Proxies, ballots and voting tabulations identifying stockholders are kept confidential and will not be disclosed except as may be necessary to meet legal requirements.
Where do I find the voting results of the Annual Meeting?
We will announce preliminary voting results at the Annual Meeting. The final voting results will be tallied by the inspector of election and published in the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, which the Company is required to file with the SEC within four business days following the Annual Meeting.
Who bears the cost of soliciting proxies?
The Company will bear the cost of soliciting proxies in the accompanying form and will reimburse brokerage firms and others for expenses involved in forwarding proxy materials to beneficial owners or soliciting their execution. In addition to solicitations by mail, the Company, through its directors and officers, may solicit proxies in person, by telephone or by electronic means. Such directors and officers will not receive any special remuneration for these efforts.
Who is the sponsor of the Company?
References throughout this proxy statement to our "sponsor" are to KBL IV Sponsor LLC. Marlene Krauss, M.D., our Chief Executive Officer, is the sole managing member of KBL IV Sponsor LLC.
Who can help answer my questions?
You can contact our Chief Operating Officer and Secretary, Joseph A. Williamson at (302) 502-2727 or by sending a letter to Mr. Williamson at the offices of the Company at 527 Stanton Christiana Rd., Newark, Delaware 19713 with any questions about the proposals described in this proxy statement or how to execute your vote. ​THE ANNUAL MEETING
We are furnishing this proxy statement to you as a stockholder of KBL Merger Corp. IV as part of the solicitation of proxies by our Board for use at our Annual Meeting to be held on Friday, December 21, 2018, or any adjournment or postponement thereof.
Date, Time, Place and Purpose of the Annual Meeting
The Annual Meeting will be held at the offices of Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP, located at 1345 Avenue of the Americas, 11th Floor, New York, New York 10105, on Friday, December 21, 2018, at 10:00 a.m., local time. You are cordially invited to attend the Annual Meeting, at which stockholders will be asked to consider and vote upon the following proposals, which are more fully described in this proxy statement:
​
​
Record Date, Voting and Quorum
Our Board fixed the close of business on November 16, 2018, as the Record Date for the determination of holders of our outstanding common stock entitled to notice of and to vote on all matters presented at the Annual Meeting. As of the record date, there were 14,877,500 shares of the Company's common stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote. Each share of common stock entitles the holder thereof to one vote.
The holders of 7,438,751 shares of common stock entitled to vote, present in person or represented by proxy at the Annual Meeting, constitute a quorum.
Required Vote
The affirmative vote of a plurality of the votes cast at the Annual Meeting by the holders of common stock entitled to vote in the election directors is required to elect directors.
The approval of the proposal to ratify the selection of Withum as our independent registered public accounting firm requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast by stockholders present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote on this matter at the Annual Meeting.
Voting
You can vote your shares at the Annual Meeting by proxy or in person.
You can vote by proxy by having one or more individuals who will be at the Annual Meeting vote your shares for you. These individuals are called "proxies" and using them to cast your ballot at the Annual Meeting is called voting "by proxy."
If you wish to vote by proxy, you must (i) complete the enclosed form, called a "proxy card," and mail it in the envelope provided or (ii) submit your proxy by telephone or over the Internet (if those options are available to you) in accordance with the instructions on the enclosed proxy card or voting instruction card.
If you complete the proxy card and mail it in the envelope provided or submit your proxy by telephone or over the Internet as described above, you will designate the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Operating Officer to act as your proxy at the Annual Meeting. One of them will then vote your shares at the Annual Meeting in accordance with the instructions you have given them in the proxy card or voting instructions, as applicable, with respect to the proposals presented in this proxy statement. Proxies will extend to, and be voted at, any adjournment(s) or postponement(s) of the Annual Meeting. Alternatively, you can vote your shares in person by attending the Annual Meeting. You will be given a ballot at the Annual Meeting.
While we know of no other matters to be acted upon at this year's Annual Meeting, it is possible that other matters may be presented at the Annual Meeting. If that happens and you have signed and not revoked a proxy card, your proxy will vote on such other matters in accordance with the best judgment of Dr. Krauss and Mr. Williamson.
A special note for those who plan to attend the Annual Meeting and vote in person: if your shares are held in the name of a broker, bank or other nominee, you must bring a statement from your brokerage account or a letter from the person or entity in whose name the shares are registered indicating that you are the beneficial owner of those shares as of the record date. In addition, you will not be able to vote at the Annual Meeting unless you obtain a legal proxy from the record holder of your shares.
Our Board is asking for your proxy. Giving the Board your proxy means you authorize it to vote your shares at the Annual Meeting in the manner you direct. You may vote for or withhold your vote for each nominee or proposal or you may abstain from voting. All valid proxies received prior to the Annual Meeting will be voted. All shares represented by a proxy will be voted, and where a stockholder specifies by means of the proxy a choice with respect to any matter to be acted upon, the shares will be voted in accordance with the specification so made. If no choice is indicated on the proxy, the shares will be voted "FOR" the election of each nominee for Director and "FOR" the ratification of the selection of Withum as our independent registered public accounting firm and as the proxy holders may determine in their discretion with respect to any other matters that may properly come before the Annual Meeting.
Stockholders who have questions or need assistance in completing or submitting their proxy cards should contact our Chief Operating Officer and Secretary, Joseph A. Williamson, at (302) 502-2727.
Stockholders who hold their shares in "street name," meaning the name of a broker or other nominee who is the record holder, must either direct the record holder of their shares to vote their shares or obtain a legal proxy from the record holder to vote their shares at the Annual Meeting.
Revocability of Proxies
Any proxy may be revoked by the person giving it at any time before the polls close at the Annual Meeting. A proxy may be revoked by filing with our Secretary (KBL Merger Corp. IV, 527 Stanton Christiana Rd., Newark, Delaware 19713) either (i) a written notice of revocation bearing a date later than the date of such proxy or (ii) a subsequent proxy relating to the same shares, or (iii) by attending the Annual Meeting and voting in person.
Simply attending the Annual Meeting will not constitute revocation of your proxy. If your shares are held in the name of a broker or other nominee who is the record holder, you must follow the instructions of your broker or other nominee to revoke a previously given proxy.
Attendance at the Annual Meeting
Only holders of common stock, their proxy holders and guests we may invite may attend the Annual Meeting. If you wish to attend the Annual Meeting in person but you hold your shares through someone else, such as a broker, you must bring proof of your ownership and identification with a photo at the Annual Meeting. For example, you may bring an account statement showing that you beneficially owned shares of KBL Merger Corp. IV as of the record date as acceptable proof of ownership. In addition, you must bring a legal proxy from the broker, bank or other nominee holding your shares, confirming your beneficial ownership of the shares and giving you the right to vote your shares. Solicitation of Proxies
The cost of preparing, assembling, printing and mailing this proxy statement and the accompanying form of proxy, and the cost of soliciting proxies relating to the Annual Meeting, will be borne by the Company. Some banks and brokers have customers who beneficially own common stock listed of record in the names of nominees. We intend to request banks and brokers to solicit such customers and will reimburse them for their reasonable out-of-pocket expenses for such solicitations. If any additional solicitation of the holders of our outstanding shares of common stock is deemed necessary, we (through our directors and officers) anticipate making such solicitation directly. The solicitation of proxies by mail may be supplemented by telephone and personal solicitation by officers, directors and other employees of the Company, but no additional compensation will be paid to such individuals.
No Right of Appraisal
Neither Delaware law nor our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provide for appraisal or other similar rights for dissenting stockholders in connection with any of the proposals to be voted upon at the Annual Meeting. Accordingly, our stockholders will have no right to dissent and obtain payment for their shares.
Other Business
We are not currently aware of any business to be acted upon at the Annual Meeting other than the matters discussed in this proxy statement. The form of proxy accompanying this proxy statement confers discretionary authority upon the named proxy holders with respect to amendments or variations to the matters identified in the accompanying Notice of Annual Meeting and with respect to any other matters which may properly come before the Annual Meeting. If other matters do properly come before the Annual Meeting, or at any adjournment(s) or postponement(s) of the Annual Meeting, we expect that shares of our common stock, represented by properly submitted proxies will be voted by the proxy holders in accordance with the recommendations of our Board.
Principal Offices
Our principal executive offices are located at KBL Merger Corp. IV, 527 Stanton Christiana Rd., Newark, Delaware 19713. Our telephone number at such address is (302) 502-2727. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Directors and Officers
The directors and executive officers of the Company are as follows:
Marlene Krauss, M.D. has been Chief Executive Officer and a director since our inception. She has over 30 years of experience in acquiring, selling and growing more than 20 companies in all areas of healthcare including healthcare services, pharmaceuticals and medical devices. She was also the Chief Executive Officer and founder of three prior SPACs: KBL I, II and III, respectively. While holding these positions, she was involved in their formation, deal sourcing, investment selection and operations. She played a crucial role in KBL I's acquisition of Concord Health and negotiated the sale of Concord Health to the MultiCare Companies for approximately $130.5 million in cash. In addition, in KBL II, she was instrumental in the acquisition of Summer Infant, a baby care company. In 1998, she founded KBL Healthcare Ventures and remains its Managing Director. KBL consists of three funds, KBL Healthcare Ventures LP, KBL Healthcare LP and KBL Partnership LP, backed by institutional investors which has completed its investment cycle. Through her funds, with individual groups of investors, or in public financings she has invested in, grown and/or been on the board of a variety of healthcare companies. She was an initial Board Member and investor in Summit Technology (acquired by Alcon, now a subsidiary of Novartis (VTX: NOVN), one of the first companies to develop the Lasik laser. Summit was sold to Alcon for $839 million in 2000. From 1999 to 2005, through KBL, she was a founder, Board Member and investor in Lumenos, which was among the initial companies that created a consumer driven health care insurance product. The company was sold to Wellpoint (now known as Anthem, Inc. (NYSE:ANTM)) in 2005 for $185 million. In 2004, she was an early investor of Remon Medical Technologies Inc., a development-stage company focused on creating communication technology for medical device applications, through its sale to Boston Scientific Corporation for an undisclosed amount in 2007. She led the first institutional round of investors and was on the Board of PneumRx, Inc., a developer of one of the first non-invasive devices to treat lung disease from 2005 to 2011. It was sold to BTG plc (LON: BTG) in 2014 for up to $475 million which included potential earn out payments. Since 2005, she has been a founder and board member of Vampire Pharmaceuticals LLC, a biopharmaceutical company that is developing products to treat conditions such as diabetes and sickle cell disease. Dr. Krauss received an M.B.A and M.D. degree from Harvard University and a B.A. degree from Cornell University. She is a board certified ophthalmologist with a specialty in retinal surgery and trained at the Harvard Hospitals, New York Hospital and Mt. Sinai Hospital in New York. She has been on the Advisory Committee on Education at Harvard Medical School since 2012 and received the Alumni Achievement Award and was on the Deans Advisory Committee of Harvard Business School. We believe Dr. Krauss is well qualified to serve on our board due to her extensive business, operational and management experience, along with her prior experience with blank check companies. Joseph A. Williamson, our Chief Operating Officer and a director since June 2017, has over 35 years of experience as a healthcare operator, executive and entrepreneur primarily in the post-acute healthcare facilities field (senior living, assisted living, hospice and home care) as well as ancillary services such as physical therapy, occupational therapy, rehabilitation therapy, pharmaceutical distribution, and medical supplies. Since 2009, Mr. Williamson has been the Managing Partner at JAW Capital, LLC, an investment fund vehicle for private investments focusing on healthcare. He served as the Chairman of National Home Care Holdings, LLC, a multi-state home health company, from 2010 to 2017, when it was sold to Five Star Home Care. Mr. Williamson served as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of National Medical and Security Holdings, LLC, a medical supply and equipment company from 2013 to 2015, until it was sold to NSM; as a board member and investor in CCRx, a portfolio company of Cressey & Company that focused on pharmacy distribution in the senior and correctional area from 2004 to 2010 when it was sold to Omnicare, Inc. (now a subsidiary of CVS Health Corporation (NYSE:CVS)); as chairman/investor of National Hospice Holdings Investors, LLC from 2010 to 2014, when it merged into TridentUSA, an affiliate of Formation Capital. Formerly, Mr. Williamson was the founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Brandywine Senior Care, Inc., an assisted living facility company from 2006 to 2002. From 1992 to 1996, Mr. Williamson was co-founder, President and Chief Operating Officer and director of Concord Health Group, Inc., a long term care company which was acquired by KBL I and subsequently was acquired by Multicare Companies Inc. Prior to Concord Health Group, Mr. Williamson served in various senior positions at Genesis Health Ventures, Inc., the predecessor of Genesis Healthcare Corporation (NYSE:GEN) from 1986 until 1992. Prior to Genesis, Mr. Williamson was co-founder, Chief Executive Officer and President of Healthcare Resources Corp., a nursing home, rehabilitation and pharmacy distribution company which he helped sell to Genesis in 1986. Prior to Healthcare Resources, Mr. Williamson held officer positions at Leader Nursing Centers, Inc, a publicly held nursing home and rehabilitation company founded by former Governor of Pennsylvania, George M. Leader. Mr. Williamson also was a principal/general partner of a private equity health care fund, Commerce Health Ventures which merged into NewSpring Capital. Mr. Williamson earned his Juris Doctor degree at The Delaware Law School of Widener University, his MBA in Health Care Administration from Temple University and a BS in Accounting from Villanova University. We believe Mr. Williamson is well qualified to serve on our board due to his extensive business, operational and management experience, along with his prior blank check company experience.
George Hornig has served as our Chairman since June 2017. Mr. Hornig is currently a corporate advisor and director to various private companies. He served as the Chief Executive Officer of RON Transatlantic Financial Holdings from January 2017 to April 2018. Mr. Hornig served as Senior Managing Director as well as the Chief Operating Officer of PineBridge Investments from 2010 to September 2016. During his employment with PineBridge, he was responsible for the management of global operations. He was involved in the restructuring of the former AIG Investment Management division into PineBridge. He has served on the boards of Forrester Research, a research and analysis provider, since 1996; Xometry, a specialty machining company, since 2014; Edelman, a marketing firm, since 2016. Previously, Mr. Hornig was on the Board of KBL Healthcare Acquisition Corp. I and then served on the Board of the merged company, Concord Health. From 1999 to 2010, Mr. Hornig spent 11 years at Credit Suisse Asset Management where he became its Co-Global Chief Operating Officer. From 1993 to 1999, he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of the Americas at Deutsche Bank. From 1988 to 1991, Mr. Hornig was also a Co-founder and Chief Operating Officer of Wasserstein Perella & Co. following his tenure in the First Boston Mergers and Acquisitions group from 1983 to 1988. Mr. Hornig has been an early investor in a many high growth companies including Royalty Pharma, a biopharmaceutical company that invests in revenue-producing royalty interests in biopharma products; FibroGen, a publicly traded biopharmaceutical company; and Cibus, a precision gene-editing company for agriculture. Mr. Hornig holds an A.B. from Harvard College and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School and J.D. from Harvard Law School. We believe Mr. Hornig is well-qualified to serve as a director due to his extensive experience in finance, management and investment banking.
Andrew Sherman has served as a member of our board of directors since June 2017. Mr. Sherman is currently the Chief Development Officer for Women's Care Enterprises where he leads the corporate development activity for a leading multi-specialty provider of women's health services. From August 2016 to October 2016, Mr. Sherman served as a consultant focused on transaction development for Unified Physician Management ("UPM"), a physician practice management company focused on obstetrics and gynecology. Prior to UPM, from May 2015 to August 2016, Mr. Sherman was a Partner at DCH Partners, a healthcare-focused private equity firm. Prior to DCH Partners, Mr. Sherman worked for 22 years in investment banking, M&A and buyside roles. From 2011 to 2015, Mr. Sherman was a Managing Director in Healthcare with Morgan Joseph TriArtisan and from 2010 to 2011, he worked in healthcare investment banking at Madison Williams. From 2009 to 2010, Mr. Sherman was a consultant to Capitol Acquisition Corp. which completed a merger in 2010 with Two Harbors Investment Corp. (NYSE:TWO), a real-estate investment trust. From 2007 to 2009, Mr. Sherman was also a consultant to KBL III. From 2001 to 2007, Mr. Sherman worked as a Principal in investment banking at Banc of America Securities. From 1999 to 2001, Mr. Sherman co-founded Brand 3, a private label infrastructure internet service provider, which was sold to American Express in 2001. From 1997 to 1999, Mr. Sherman worked in investment banking at Montgomery Securities. From 1992 to 1995, Mr. Sherman worked in mergers and acquisitions at James D Wolfensohn, Inc. Mr. Sherman holds a B.S. in Economics and Finance from The Wharton School of Business, a B.A. in International Relations from the University of Pennsylvania, and an M.B.A. with Distinction from The Harvard Graduate School of Business Administration. We believe Mr. Sherman is well qualified to serve as a director due to his extensive experience in finance, investment in healthcare related businesses, along with his prior blank check company experience.  Sherrill Neff has served as a member of our board of directors since June 2017. Since 2002, Mr. Neff has been a Founding Partner of Quaker Partners, a healthcare investment firm focusing on venture and growth stage companies. In this position, he launched and managed five life sciences venture funds which managed $700 million committed capital. He has invested in many areas of healthcare, including biotechnology, medical technology and healthcare services, and has invested in both private and public companies. Investments for which he was responsible included Amicus Therapeutics (Nasdaq:FOLD); BioRexis Therapeutics (sold to Pfizer); MedMark (sold to Walgreens); Durata Therapeutics (sold to Actavis); Protez Pharmaceuticals (sold to Novartis); Regado BioSciences (merged with Tobira Therapeutics and subsequently sold to Allergan); RainDance Technologies (sold to BioRad); and Cempra Pharmaceuticals (merged with Melinta Therapeutics, Inc. (Nasdaq: MLNT)). As part of his Quaker Partners portfolio responsibilities, Mr. Neff currently serves on the boards of directors of two private portfolio companies, Intact Vascular, Inc. and Vesper Medical Inc. He also served on the board of directors of Cempra Pharmaceuticals (Nasdaq: CEMP) until it merged with Melinta Therapeutics, Inc. in 2017. In addition to his responsibilities for Quaker Partners, he also currently serves on the board of directors of Exantas Capital Corp. (NYSE: XAN), a mortgage real estate finance company. From 1994 to 2002, he was President and COO of Neose Technologies, a publicly traded biotechnology company. From 1993 to 1994, he was Senior Vice President of U.S. Healthcare, a publicly traded managed care company where he had responsibilities for strategic corporate development. Prior to this, Mr. Neff was a Managing Director in the Investment Banking division of Alex. Brown & Sons. Mr. Neff is a graduate of Wesleyan University and graduated magna cum laude from the University of Michigan Law School. We believe Mr. Neff is well qualified to serve as a director due to his extensive experience in finance, investment in healthcare related businesses, and operations and executive management.
Corporate Governance
Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors
Our board of directors is divided into two classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a two-year term. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Messrs. Sherman and Neff, will expire at this Annual Meeting. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Dr. Krauss and Messrs. Williamson and Hornig, will expire at the next annual meeting of stockholders.
Our officers are elected by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our bylaws provide that our officers may consist of a Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Vice Presidents, Secretary, Assistant Secretaries, Treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. Committee Membership; Meetings and Attendance
Our board of directors has two standing committees: an audit committee and a compensation committee. Both our audit committee and our compensation committee are comprised solely of independent directors.
During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017:
Each of our incumbent directors attended or participated in at least 75% of the meetings of our board of directors and the respective committees of which he or she is a member held during the period such incumbent director was a director during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017.
We encourage all of our directors to attend our annual meetings of stockholders. This Annual Meeting will be the first annual meeting of stockholders of the Company.
Audit Committee
NASDAQ listing standards and applicable SEC rules require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. We have established an audit committee of the board of directors, which currently consists of Messrs. Hornig, Sherman and Neff. Messrs. Hornig, Sherman and Neff meet the independent director standard under Nasdaq's listing standards and under Rule 10A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act. Mr. Neff serves as Chairman of the audit committee. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Mr. Neff qualifies as an "audit committee financial expert" as defined in applicable SEC rules.
We have adopted an audit committee charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: A copy of the audit committee charter is available, free of charge, from the Company by writing to the Company's Secretary, 527 Stanton Christiana Rd., Newark, Delaware 19713.
Compensation Committee
We have established a compensation committee of the board of directors. The members of our compensation committee are Messrs. Hornig and Neff. Mr. Hornig serves as Chairman of the compensation committee.
We have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including:
Notwithstanding the foregoing, as indicated above, other than the $10,000 per month administrative fee payable to our sponsor and reimbursement of expenses, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our sponsor, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate the consummation of a business combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination.
The compensation committee charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by NASDAQ and the SEC.
A copy of the compensation committee charter is available, free of charge, from the Company by writing to the Company's Secretary, 527 Stanton Christiana Rd., Newark, Delaware 19713.
Director Nominations
We do not have a standing nominating committee, though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required to do so by law or NASDAQ rules. In accordance with Rule 5605(e)(2) of the NASDAQ rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend a director nominee for selection by the board of directors. The board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily carry out the responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee. The directors who shall participate in the consideration and recommendation of director nominees are Messrs. Hornig, Neff and Sherman. In accordance with Rule 5605(e)(1)(A) of the NASDAQ rules, all such directors are independent. As there is no standing nominating committee, we do not have a nominating committee charter in place. The board of directors will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our stockholders during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees to stand for election at the next annual meeting of stockholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of stockholders). Our stockholders that wish to nominate a director for election to the Board should follow the procedures set forth in our bylaws.
We have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our stockholders.
Audit Committee Report*
The Audit Committee has reviewed and discussed our audited financial statements with management, and has discussed with our independent registered public accounting firm the matters required to be discussed by Statement on Auditing Standards No. 61, as amended (Codification of Statements on Auditing Standards, AU 380), as adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (the "PCAOB") in Rule 3200T. Additionally, the Audit Committee has received the written disclosures and the letter from our independent registered public accounting firm, as required by the applicable requirements of the PCAOB, and has discussed with the independent registered public accounting firm the independent registered public accounting firm's independence. Based upon such review and discussion, the Audit Committee recommended to the Board that the audited financial statements be included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the last fiscal year for filing with the SEC.
Submitted by:
Audit Committee of the Board of DirectorsGeorge Hornig	 	
Andrew Sherman	 	
Sherrill Neff
* The information contained in this Audit Committee Report shall not be deemed to be "soliciting material" or "filed" or incorporated by reference in future filings with the SEC, or subject to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically requests that the information be treated as soliciting material or specifically incorporates it by reference into a document filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or the Exchange Act.
Board Leadership Structure and Role in Risk Oversight
Our Board recognizes that the leadership structure and combination or separation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman roles is driven by the needs of the Company at any point in time. As a result, no policy exists requiring combination or separation of leadership roles and our governing documents do not mandate a particular structure. This has allowed our Board the flexibility to establish the most appropriate structure for the Company at any given time.
Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation
None of our officers currently serves, or in the past year has served, as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee of any entity that has one or more officers serving on our board of directors. Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance
Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, requires our officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of our common stock to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. These reporting persons are also required to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely upon a review of such forms, we believe that during the year ended December 31, 2017 there were no delinquent filers.
Code of Ethics
We have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. We have filed a copy of our form of Code of Ethics, our audit committee charter and compensation committee charter as exhibits to the registration statement filed in connection with our initial public offering. You will be able to review these documents by accessing our public filings at the SEC's web site at www.sec.gov. In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K.
​Executive Compensation
None of our executive officers or directors has received any cash (or non-cash) compensation for services rendered to us for the year ended December 31, 2017. Commencing on June 2, 2017 through the earlier of consummation of our initial business combination and our liquidation, we have paid our sponsor a total of $10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial support. Our sponsor, executive officers and directors, and their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf.
After our initial business combination, members of our combined team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our stockholders.
We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our combined team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after the initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management's motivation in identifying or selecting a target business, but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of November 16, 2018 based on information obtained from the persons named below, with respect to the beneficial ownership of shares of our common stock, by:
​
​
​
Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them.
[BEGIN TABLE]
* Less                                           than 1 percent. 
(1) Unless                                           otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals                                           is 527 Stanton Christiana Rd., Newark, DE 19713. 
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
(2) These                                           shares represent the founder shares held by our sponsor. Dr. Marlene Krauss, our Chief                                           Executive Officer, is the sole managing member of KBL IV Sponsor LLC. Consequently, she                                           may be deemed the beneficial owner of the founder shares held by our sponsor and has                                           sole voting and dispositive control over such securities. Dr. Krauss disclaims beneficial                                           ownership over any securities owned by our sponsor in which she does not have a pecuniary                                           interest. 
(3) Does                                           not beneficially own any shares of our common stock. However, he has a pecuniary interest                                           in shares of our common stock through his ownership of membership interests of our sponsor. 
(4) Based                                           on a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on August 24, 2018. Karpus Management, Inc., d/b/a                                           Karpus Investment Management is a New York corporation. The business address of such                                           holder is 183 Sully's Trail, Pittsford, New York 14534. 
(6) Based                                           on a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on January 8, 2018. Such shares are held by Boothbay                                           Absolute Return Strategies LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the "Fund"),                                           which is managed by Boothbay Fund Management, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company                                           (the "Adviser"). The Adviser, in its capacity as the investment manager of                                           the Fund, has the power to vote and the power to direct the disposition of all Shares                                           held by the Fund. Ari Glass is the Managing Member of the Adviser. The business address                                           of such holders is 810 7th Avenue, Suite 615, New York, NY 10019-5818. 
[END TABLE]
The table above does not include the shares of common stock underlying the private placement warrants held or to be held by our officers or sponsor because these securities are not exercisable within 60 days of this proxy statement. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
In September 2016, our sponsor purchased an aggregate 2,875,000 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000, or approximately $0.009 per share. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that such founder shares would represent 20.0% of the outstanding shares (excluding the private placement shares).
Our sponsor and the underwriters purchased an aggregate of 502,500 units, including 377,500 by our sponsor and 125,000 by the underwriters, which units are identical to the units sold by us in our initial public offering except as described herein, at a price of $10.00 per unit (a total of $5,025,000) in a private placement that closed simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering. The purchase price of the private placement units was added to the proceeds from our initial public offering held in the trust account. If we do not complete a business combination by March 7, 2019, the proceeds from the sale of the private placement units held in the trust account will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law). There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our founder shares, private placement shares, rights or warrants, which will expire worthless. The private placement units are identical to the units sold in our initial public offering except the private placement warrants are non-redeemable and exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by our sponsor or their affiliates or designees. In addition, for as long as the private placement warrants are held by underwriters or their designees or affiliates, they may not be exercised after five years from the effective date of the registration statement relating to our initial public offering. If the private placement units are held by someone other than the initial holder, or its permitted transferees, the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units sold in our initial public offering. In conjunction with their investment in the private placement units, the underwriters or their designees also purchased membership interests in our sponsor, through which the underwriters or their designees collectively have a pecuniary interest in 230,000 founder shares, pursuant to a separate private placement that closed simultaneously with the closing of the public offering and the private placement of units. Our sponsor beneficially owns the founder shares allocated to the underwriters or their designees and will retain sole voting and dispositive power over such securities until the closing of our initial business combination, at which time our sponsor will distribute the founder shares to the underwriters or their designees for no additional consideration. Upon receipt of the founder shares, the underwriters or their designees will no longer retain their ownership interests in our sponsor.
If any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has then current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us. Certain of our executive officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us.
We have agreed to pay our sponsor, an affiliate of Dr. Marlene Krauss, our Chief Executive Officer, a total of $10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees.
Our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, are reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf.
Our sponsor loaned us $140,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of our initial public offering. This loan was non-interest bearing, unsecured and was due at the earlier of June 30, 2017 or the closing of such offering. This loan was repaid upon the closing of such offering out of the offering proceeds that were allocated to the payment of offering expenses.
In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete an initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to $1,000,000 of such loans will be convertible into units of the post-business combination entity at a price of $10.00 per unit (which, for example, would result in the holders being issued 110,000 shares of common stock if $1,000,000 of notes were so converted since the 100,000 rights included in such units would result in the issuance of 10,000 shares upon the closing of our business combination, as well as 100,000 warrants to purchase 50,000 shares) at the option of the lender. The units would be identical to the private placement units. Except as described above, the terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. During the nine months ended September 30, 2018, our sponsor advanced us an aggregate of $356,566 to be used for working capital purposes. The advances are non-interest bearing, unsecured and due on demand. Advances amounting to $402,752 and $46,186 were outstanding as of September 30, 2018 and December 31, 2017, respectively.
After our initial business combination, members of our combined team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation.
The holders of the founder shares and private placement units (and their component securities) and their permitted transferees are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement signed on the effective date of our initial public offering. The holders of these securities and their permitted transferees are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders and their permitted transferees have certain "piggy-back" registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination and rights to require us to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the underwriters may not exercise their demand and "piggyback" registration rights after five (5) and seven (7) years after the effective date of the registration statement relating to our initial public offering and may not exercise its demand rights on more than one occasion. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.
Our audit committee must review and approve any related person transaction we propose to enter into. Our audit committee charter details the policies and procedures relating to transactions that may present actual, potential or perceived conflicts of interest and may raise questions as to whether such transactions are consistent with the best interest of our company and our stockholders. A summary of such policies and procedures is set forth below.
Any potential related party transaction that is brought to the audit committee's attention will be analyzed by the audit committee, in consultation with outside counsel or members of management, as appropriate, to determine whether the transaction or relationship does, in fact, constitute a related party transaction. At its meetings, the audit committee will be provided with the details of each new, existing or proposed related party transaction, including the terms of the transaction, the business purpose of the transaction and the benefits to us and to the relevant related party.
In determining whether to approve a related party transaction, the audit committee must consider, among other factors, the following factors to the extent relevant:
Any member of the audit committee who has an interest in the transaction under discussion must abstain from any voting regarding the transaction, but may, if so requested by the Chairman of the audit committee, participate in some or all of the audit committee's discussions of the transaction. Upon completion of its review of the transaction, the audit committee may determine to permit or to prohibit the transaction. ​PROPOSALS TO BE CONSIDERED BY STOCKHOLDERS
PROPOSAL ONE — ELECTION OF TWO CLASS I DIRECTORS
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides for a Board of Directors classified into two classes as nearly equal in number as possible, whose terms of office expire in successive years. Our Board of Directors now consists of five directors as set forth above in the section entitled "Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance — Directors and Officers".
Messrs. Sherman and Neff are nominated for election at this Annual Meeting of stockholders, as Class I directors, to hold office until the annual meeting of stockholders in 2020, or until their successors are chosen and qualified.
Unless you indicate otherwise, shares represented by executed proxies in the form enclosed will be voted for the election as directors of each nominee unless any such nominee shall be unavailable, in which case such shares will be voted for a substitute nominee designated by the Board of Directors. We have no reason to believe that any of the nominees will be unavailable or, if elected, will decline to serve.
Nominee Biographies
For biographies of each nominee to serve as a Class I director, please see the section entitled "Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance — Directors and Officers".
Required Vote
The two nominees receiving the highest number of affirmative votes shall be elected as directors. You may withhold votes from any or all nominees.
Recommendation
Our Board of Directors recommends a vote "FOR" the election to the Board of Directors of each of the abovementioned nominees. PROPOSAL TWO — RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENTREGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
We are asking the stockholders to ratify the Audit Committee's selection of Withum as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2018. The Audit Committee is directly responsible for appointing the Company's independent registered public accounting firm. The Audit Committee is not bound by the outcome of this vote. However, if the stockholders do not ratify the selection of Withum as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2018, our Audit Committee may reconsider the selection of Withum as our independent registered public accounting firm.
Withum has audited our financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2017. A representative of Withum is not expected to be present at the Annual Meeting. The following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Withum for services rendered.
Audit Fees. Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by Withum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Withum for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective periods and other required filings with the SEC for the year ended December 31, 2017 totaled $19,000. The aggregate fees billed by Withum related to audit services in connection with our initial public offering totaled $60,500, and includes the annual financial statements as of December 31, 2016 and the period from September 7, 2016 (date of inception) to December 31, 2016, which were included in the Company's registration statement. The above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings.
Audit-Related Fees. Audit-related services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under "Audit Fees." These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. During the year ended December 31, 2017 and the period from September 7, 2016 (date of inception) to December 31, 2016, we did not pay Withum any audit-related fees.
Tax Fees. Fees charged by Withum for tax return services, planning and tax advice for the year ended December 31, 2017 and the period from September 7, 2016 (date of inception) to December 31, 2016, respectively, were $0 and $2,500, respectively.
All Other Fees. We did not pay Withum for other services for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016.
Our Audit Committee has determined that the services provided by Withum are compatible with maintaining the independence of Withum as our independent registered public accounting firm.
Pre-Approval Policy
Our Audit Committee was formed upon the consummation of our initial public offering. As a result, the Audit Committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our Audit Committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our Audit Committee, and on a going-forward basis, the Audit Committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof  (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit).
Vote Required
The ratification of the appointment of Withum requires the vote of a majority of the votes cast by stockholders present in person or by proxy and entitled to vote on the matter at the Annual Meeting.
Recommendation
Our Board of Directors recommends a vote "FOR" the ratification of the selection by the Audit Committee of Withum as our independent registered public accounting firm. ​ ​ ​ ​ OTHER MATTERS
Submission of Stockholder Proposals for the 2019 Annual Meeting
We anticipate that the 2019 annual meeting of stockholders will be held no later than December 31, 2019. For any proposal to be considered for inclusion in our proxy statement and form of proxy for submission to the stockholders at our 2019 annual meeting of stockholders, it must be submitted in writing and comply with the requirements of Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act. Such proposals must be received by the Company at its offices at 527 Stanton Christiana Rd., Newark, Delaware 19713 no later than July 31, 2019.
In addition, our bylaws provide notice procedures for stockholders to nominate a person as a director and to propose business to be considered by stockholders at a meeting. Notice of a nomination or proposal must be delivered to us not less than 90 days and not more than 120 days prior to the date for the preceding year's annual meeting of stockholders; provided, however, that in the event that the annual meeting is called for a date that is not within 45 days before or after such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so received not earlier than the opening of business on the 120th day before the meeting and not later than the later of  (x) the close of business on the 90th day before the meeting or (y) the close of business on the 10th day following the day on which public announcement of the date of the annual meeting is first made by us. Accordingly, for our 2019 annual meeting of stockholders, assuming the meeting is held on or about December 21, 2019, notice of a nomination or proposal must be delivered to us no later than September 22, 2019 and no earlier than August 23, 2019. Nominations and proposals also must satisfy other requirements set forth in the bylaws. The Chairman of the Board may refuse to acknowledge the introduction of any stockholder proposal not made in compliance with the foregoing procedures.
Householding Information
Unless we have received contrary instructions, we may send a single copy of this proxy statement to any household at which two or more stockholders reside if we believe the stockholders are members of the same family. This process, known as "householding," reduces the volume of duplicate information received at any one household and helps to reduce our expenses. However, if stockholders prefer to receive multiple sets of our disclosure documents at the same address this year or in future years, the stockholders should follow the instructions described below. Similarly, if an address is shared with another stockholder and together both of the stockholders would like to receive only a single set of our disclosure documents, the stockholders should follow these instructions:
​
Where You Can Find More Information
We file annual and quarterly reports and other reports and information with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We distribute to our stockholders annual reports containing financial statements audited by our independent registered public accounting firm and, upon request, quarterly reports for the first three quarters of each fiscal year containing unaudited financial information. In addition, the reports and other information are filed through Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval (known as "EDGAR") system and are publicly available on the Securities and Exchange Commission's website, located at http://www.sec.gov. Copies of these reports and other information are also available at www.kblmerger.com.
We will provide without charge to you, upon written or oral request, a copy of the reports and other information filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Any requests for copies of information, reports or other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission should be directed to KBL Merger Corp. IV, 527 Stanton Christiana Rd., Newark, Delaware 19713, Attn: Secretary. KBL MERGER CORP. IV527 Stanton Christiana Rd.Newark, Delaware 19713
December 21, 2018
THIS PROXY IS SOLICITED ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OFKBL MERGER CORP. IV
The undersigned hereby appoints Marlene Krauss, M.D. and Joseph A. Williamson, and each of them, proxies and attorneys-in-fact, each with the power of substitution and revocation, and hereby authorizes each to represent and vote, as designated below, all the shares of common stock of KBL Merger Corp. IV (the "Company") held of record by the undersigned at the close of business on November 16, 2018 at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held at the offices of Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP, located at 1345 Avenue of the Americas, 11th Floor, New York, New York on December 21, 2018, at 10:00 a.m., local time, or any adjournment or postponement thereof  (the "Meeting") and authorizes and instructs said proxies to vote in the manner directed below.
THIS PROXY, WHEN PROPERLY EXECUTED, WILL BE VOTED IN THE MANNER DIRECTED BY THE UNDERSIGNED STOCKHOLDER. IF NO DIRECTION IS MADE, THIS PROXY WILL BE VOTED "FOR" EACH NOMINEE AND "FOR" PROPOSAL TWO. IN THEIR DISCRETION, THE PROXIES ARE AUTHORIZED TO VOTE UPON SUCH OTHER MATTERS AS MAY PROPERLY COME BEFORE THE MEETING OR ANY ADJOURNMENTS OF THE MEETING.
(Continued, and to be marked, dated and signed, on the other side)
KBL MERGER CORP. IVThis Proxy Statement and the 2017 Annual Report on Form 10-K are available at:https://www.cstproxy.com/kblmerger/2018.
KBL MERGER CORP. IV
Vote Your Proxy by mail:    Mark, sign and date your proxy card and return it in the postage-paid envelope provided.
​ Please mark your votes like this​     ​ ☐  
PROXY
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS A VOTE "FOR" THE ELECTION OF EACH OF THE NOMINEES AND "FOR" PROPOSAL TWO.
Election of Class I Directors: Andrew Sherman and Sherrill Neff
[BEGIN TABLE]
  For                                           All   ☐ ​ Withhold                                           All   ☐ ​ For                                           All Except*   ☐ 
[END TABLE]
* Instruction: To withhold authority to vote for any individual nominee, mark the "For all Except" box above and write that nominee's name on the line provided below.    ___________________
​
​
PLEASE MARK, SIGN, DATE AND RETURN THE PROXY CARD PROMPTLY USING THE ENCLOSED ENVELOPE.
COMPANY ID:
PROXY NUMBER:
ACCOUNT NUMBER:
Note: Please sign exactly as your name or names appear on this Proxy. When shares are held jointly, each holder should sign. When signing as executor, administrator, attorney, trustee or guardian, please give full title as such. If the signer is a corporation, please sign in full corporate name by duly authorized officer, giving full title as such. If a partnership, please sign in partnership name by authorized person.
 