
Check the appropriate box: 
(Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 
(Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) 
Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): 
TABLE OF CONTENTS
To: The Owners of Lydall, Inc. Common Stock 
You are cordially invited to attend the Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
The Annual Meeting of Stockholders will be held for the purposes of: 
All stockholders are invited to attend the Annual Meeting; however, whether or not you attend the Annual Meeting, it is important that your shares be represented and voted at the Annual Meeting. Therefore, we urge you to vote promptly and submit your proxy by telephone, via the Internet, or by signing, dating and returning the enclosed proxy card in the enclosed prepaid envelope. If you decide to attend the Annual Meeting, you have the right to vote in person even if you have previously submitted your proxy. If you hold your stock in "street name," you should follow the voting instructions provided by your bank, broker or other nominee. 
Sincerely, 
Chad A. McDaniel Senior Vice President, General Counsel, and  Chief Administrative Officer  
Manchester, CT March 14, 2019 
This proxy statement, along with the Lydall, Inc. 2018 Annual Report and Form 10-K, are available free of charge on our website at: www.lydall.com and by clicking on Investor Relations. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS
i
TABLE OF CONTENTS
ii
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Lydall, Inc. ("we", "Lydall" or the "Company") is providing these proxy materials in connection with the solicitation by our Board of Directors (the "Board") of proxies to be voted at our 2019 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the "Annual Meeting") to be held on Friday, April 26, 2019 beginning at 9:00 a.m. at the Hilton Hartford, 315 Trumbull Street, Hartford, Connecticut and at any postponements or adjournments thereof. This Proxy Statement is being mailed or otherwise furnished to stockholders on or about March 14, 2019. You should review this information together with our 2018 Annual Report to Stockholders, which accompanies this Proxy Statement. 
We sent you this Proxy Statement and the enclosed proxy card because the Board is soliciting your proxy to vote at the Annual Meeting to be held on Friday, April 26, 2019 or any postponements or adjournments thereof. This Proxy Statement summarizes information that is intended to assist you in making an informed vote on the proposals described in this Proxy Statement. 
Only stockholders of record of Lydall's Common Stock at the close of business on Friday, March 1, 2019 (the "Record Date") are entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting and any postponement or adjournment thereof. As of the Record Date, there were 17,504,397 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding, the holders of which are entitled to one vote per share. 
We must have a "quorum" present in person or by proxy to hold the Annual Meeting. A quorum is a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote. Votes withheld from any nominee, abstentions and broker non-votes (defined below) will be counted as present or represented for the purpose of determining the presence or absence of a quorum for the Annual Meeting. 
Three proposals are scheduled for a vote: TABLE OF CONTENTS
The Board recommends that you vote:
With respect to each of (a) the election of directors, (b) the advisory vote on the compensation of the Company's Named Executive Officers and (c) the ratification of the selection of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as our independent auditor, you may vote "FOR" or "AGAINST" or abstain from voting. 
If you hold your shares in your own name, you may vote as follows: 
If you hold your shares beneficially in street name, you may vote by submitting voting instructions to your broker, bank or other nominee. For directions on how to vote shares held beneficially in street name, please refer to the voting instructions provided by your broker, bank or other nominee. 
Yes, if you hold your shares in your own name, you may vote your shares at the Annual Meeting if you attend in person. Even if you plan to attend the Annual Meeting in person, we recommend that you also submit your proxy or voting instructions as described above so that your vote will be counted if you later decide not to attend the Annual Meeting in person. If you hold your shares in street name, in order to vote in person at the Annual Meeting, you must request a proxy from your broker, bank or other nominee.  TABLE OF CONTENTS
You may receive more than one set of these proxy materials, including multiple copies of this Proxy Statement and multiple proxy cards or voting instruction forms. For example, if you hold your shares in more than one brokerage account, you may receive a separate voting instruction form for each brokerage account in which you hold shares. If you are a stockholder of record and your shares are registered in more than one name, you will receive more than one proxy card. Please complete, sign, date and return each proxy card and voting instruction form that you receive to ensure that all your shares are voted. 
Each share of Common Stock that you own as of the close of business on the Record Date entitles you to one vote on each nominee and on each other matter voted upon at the Annual Meeting. 
Yes, if you own shares in your own name, you may change your vote or revoke your proxy at any time before the vote at the Annual Meeting by executing a valid proxy bearing a later date and delivering it to us prior to the Annual Meeting at Lydall, Inc., One Colonial Road, Manchester, Connecticut 06042, Attn: Secretary. You may withdraw your vote at the Annual Meeting and vote in person by giving written notice to our Secretary. You may also revoke your vote without voting by sending written notice of revocation to our Secretary at the above address. However, if you are a beneficial owner whose shares are held of record by a broker, bank or other nominee, you must contact your broker, bank or other nominee to change your vote. 
If you submit a properly executed and signed proxy card and return it without indicating how you would like to vote your shares, the persons named in the proxy card (or, if applicable, their substitutes) will vote your shares as the Board recommends, which is:
If you are a beneficial owner whose shares are held of record by a broker, bank or other nominee, you must instruct the broker, bank or other nominee how to vote your shares. If you do not provide voting instructions, your shares will not be voted on any proposal on which the broker, bank or other nominee does not have discretionary authority to vote. This is called a "broker non-vote." In particular, brokers will not be able to vote on those matters for which specific authorization is required under the rules of the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE"). If you are a beneficial owner whose shares are held of record by a broker, your broker has discretionary voting authority under NYSE rules to vote your shares on the proposal to ratify the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP even if the broker does not receive voting instructions from you. However, your broker does not have discretionary authority under NYSE rules to vote on the election of directors or on the advisory vote on executive compensation without instructions from you, and in the absence of instructions from you, a broker non-vote will occur and your shares will not be voted on these matters. 
Your vote is important, and we strongly encourage you to vote your shares by following the instructions provided on the voting instruction form. Please return your voting instructions to your broker, bank or other nominee and contact the person responsible for your account to ensure that your shares are voted on your behalf.  TABLE OF CONTENTS
At prior annual meetings, our Bylaws provided that Directors were elected by a plurality of the votes cast by stockholders entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting. This meant that the nominees receiving the highest number of votes, whether or not a majority of the total number of votes cast, would be elected. Neither votes that were withheld nor broker non-votes will affect the outcome of the election of Directors. 
In December 2018, the Board amended our Bylaws to provide for a majority vote standard which applies to the 2019 Annual Meeting. Under this revised standard, a nominee shall be elected as a Director if the votes cast "FOR" such nominee's election exceed the votes cast "AGAINST" such nominee's election (with "abstentions" and "broker non-votes" not counted as a vote "for" or "against" such nominee's election). 
In contested elections (defined below), Directors would be elected by a plurality of the votes cast by stockholders entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting as described above. A "contested election" is any meeting on the election of directors for which a stockholder has properly nominated a person for election to the Board in compliance with the advance notice requirements and such nomination has not been timely withdrawn by such stockholder. 
As noted above, the Board recently amended Lydall's Bylaws to provide for a majority vote standard with respect to the election of Directors. The Board also amended the Corporate Governance Guidelines of the Company to address the situation where, in an uncontested election, an incumbent Director nominee does not receive more votes "FOR" than "AGAINST" his or her election. 
As a condition to being nominated by the Board of Directors for re-election as a director, each incumbent director must deliver to the Board of Directors an irrevocable resignation from the Board of Directors that will become effective if, and only if, both (1) the election is an uncontested election (i.e., one in which the number of nominees does not exceed the number of Directors to be elected), and such nominee does not receive more votes cast "for" than "against" such nominees' election and (2) the Board of Directors determines to accept such resignation in accordance with this policy. 
The Corporate Governance Committee will make a recommendation to the Board of Directors as to whether to accept or reject such resignation, or whether other action should be taken. The Board of Directors will act on such resignation, taking into account the Corporate Governance Committee's recommendation, and publicly disclose its decision regarding such resignation and the rationale behind the decision within ninety (90) days from the date of the certification of the election results. The Corporate Governance Committee in making its recommendation, and the Board of Directors in making its decision, may each consider any factors or other information that it considers appropriate and relevant and may act in their sole and absolute discretion. A Director whose resignation is being considered in accordance with this policy shall not participate in the consideration of such resignation by either the Corporate Governance Committee or the Board of Directors. 
If an incumbent Director's resignation is not accepted by the Board, such Director will continue to serve until the next Annual Meeting and until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified, or his or her earlier resignation or removal. If a Director's resignation is accepted by the Board, then the Board, in its sole discretion, may fill the resulting vacancy or otherwise take action pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Company's Bylaws and the Company's Restated Certificate of Incorporation in effect at such time.  TABLE OF CONTENTS
This matter is being submitted to enable stockholders to approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of the Company's Named Executive Officers. In order to be approved on an advisory basis, this proposal must receive the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares present or represented at the Annual Meeting and entitled to vote and voting on the matter. Brokers are not entitled to vote on this proposal in the absence of voting instructions from the beneficial owner. Abstentions and broker non-votes are not considered to have been voted on this matter and have the practical effect of reducing the number of affirmative votes required to achieve a majority for the matter by reducing the total number of shares from which the majority is calculated. This proposal is an advisory vote and the result will not be binding on the Board or the Company. 
Under the Company's Bylaws, the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares present or represented at the Annual Meeting and entitled to vote and voting on the matter will constitute the stockholders' approval. Because this proposal is considered a discretionary item for which a broker will have discretionary voting power, if you do not give instructions with respect to this proposal, there will be no broker non-votes with respect to this proposal. Abstentions are not considered to have been voted on this matter and have the practical effect of reducing the number of affirmative votes required to achieve a majority for the matter by reducing the total number of shares from which the majority is calculated. 
Votes will be counted by one or more inspectors of election appointed by the Board. 
We will pay for the entire cost of soliciting proxies. We will also reimburse brokerage firms, banks and other agents for the cost of forwarding proxy materials to beneficial owners. In addition, our Directors and employees may solicit proxies in person, by telephone, via the Internet, or by other means of communication. Directors and employees will not be paid any additional compensation for soliciting proxies. 
We will announce preliminary results at the Annual Meeting. We will report final results in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") on a Current Report on Form 8-K or as part of a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, in either case within four business days after the Annual Meeting. 
The SEC's "householding" rules permit us to deliver only one set of proxy materials to stockholders who share an address unless otherwise requested. This procedure reduces printing and mailing costs. If you share an address with another stockholder and have received only one set of proxy materials, you may request a separate copy of these materials at no cost to you by writing to Lydall, Inc., One Colonial Road, Manchester, Connecticut 06042, Attn: Secretary, or by calling us at (860) 646-1233. Alternatively, if you are currently receiving multiple copies of the proxy materials at the same address and wish to receive a single copy in the future, you may contact us by calling or writing to us at the telephone number or address given above. 
If you are a beneficial owner (i.e., your shares are held in the name of a broker, bank or other nominee), the broker, bank or other nominee may deliver only one copy of the notices of stockholder meetings and related proxy statements to stockholders who have the same address unless the broker, bank or other nominee has received contrary instructions from one or more of the stockholders. If you wish to receive a separate copy of the notices of stockholder meetings and proxy statements, now or in the future, you may contact us at the address or telephone number above and we will promptly deliver a separate copy. Beneficial owners sharing an address, who are currently receiving multiple copies of the notice of stockholder meetings and proxy statements and wish to receive a single copy in the future, should contact their broker, bank or other nominee to request that only a single copy be delivered to all stockholders at the shared address in the future.  TABLE OF CONTENTS
The current term of office of all of the Company's Directors expires at the Annual Meeting and when their successors are elected and qualified. The Corporate Governance Committee of the Board believes the Company is well-served by its current Directors; and, accordingly, the Committee has nominated Dale G. Barnhart, David G. Bills, Kathleen Burdett, James J. Cannon, Matthew T. Farrell, Marc T. Giles, William D. Gurley, Suzanne Hammett, and S. Carl Soderstrom, Jr. for election as Directors of the Company until the next annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2020 and until their successors are elected and qualified. Each nominee is currently serving as a Director of the Company, and each nominee has consented to serve if re-elected. If any nominee becomes unavailable to serve as a Director before the Annual Meeting, the Corporate Governance Committee may designate a substitute nominee. In that case, the persons named as proxies will vote for the substitute nominee designated by the Corporate Governance Committee. 
In connection with its consideration of Director nominations for the Annual Meeting, the Corporate Governance Committee considered the factors described in the Corporate Governance section of this Proxy Statement, under "Nomination Process." The Corporate Governance Guidelines of the Company specify that at least a majority of the members of the Board, as well as all of the members of the Audit Review Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Corporate Governance Committee, shall be "independent" within the meaning of the applicable NYSE rules. The Corporate Governance Committee has determined that each of the nominees for election, other than Mr. Barnhart, is "independent" as defined by the NYSE rules and that each of the nominees for election, including Mr. Barnhart, are free from the influence of any particular stockholder or group of stockholders whose interests may diverge from the interests of the Company's stockholders as a whole. There are no family relationships between any Director or executive officer of the Company. In addition, the Corporate Governance Committee has determined that each member of our Audit Review Committee is "financially literate" within the meaning of the NYSE rules and is an "audit committee financial expert" as defined under rules promulgated by the SEC. The Corporate Governance Committee has also determined that each member of the Compensation Committee meets the enhanced independence rules of the NYSE. 
Under the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, the Board is empowered to establish the number of Directorships between three and fifteen. The Board has currently fixed the number of Directorships at nine. 
Unless otherwise instructed, it is the intention of the persons named in the accompanying proxy card to vote for the Director nominees designated by the Corporate Governance Committee. Proxies cannot be voted for a greater number of persons than the number of nominees named. 
THE BOARD RECOMMENDS THAT STOCKHOLDERS VOTE "FOR" THE ELECTION OF ALL PERSONS NOMINATED BY THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE AS DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY. 
The following table contains certain biographical information pertaining to each nominee for election as a Director of the Company, including their business experience and other directorships. Each nominee brings a unique background and set of skills to our Board, giving the Board as a whole competence and experience in a wide variety of areas, including executive management, manufacturing, marketing, finance, corporate governance, mergers and acquisitions, private equity and service on other public company boards of directors. Included in the table below is a discussion of each nominee's principal experience, qualifications, attributes and skills that led the Corporate Governance Committee to conclude that he or she should serve as one of our Directors.  TABLE OF CONTENTS
[BEGIN TABLE]
• Audit Review Committee  (2018)  
• Audit Review Committee  (2018)  
• Corporate Governance Committee (2018) 
• Corporate Governance Committee (2018) 
• Audit Review Committee (2003) 
• Audit Review Committee (2003) 
• Audit Review Committee, Chairperson (2004) 
• Audit Review Committee, Chairperson (2004) 
• Compensation Committee (2017)         
• Compensation Committee (2017)         
[END TABLE]
 TABLE OF CONTENTS
[BEGIN TABLE]
• Compensation Committee (2017) 
• Compensation Committee (2017) 
• Corporate Governance Committee (2017)               
• Corporate Governance Committee (2017)               
• Audit Review Committee (2003) 
• Audit Review Committee (2003) 
• Compensation Committee (2004)                      
• Compensation Committee (2004)                      
[END TABLE]
 TABLE OF CONTENTS
[BEGIN TABLE]
• Corporate Governance Committee (2008)                            
• Corporate Governance Committee (2008)                            
• Compensation Committee (2006) 
• Compensation Committee (2006) 
• Compensation Committee, Chairperson (2008) 
• Compensation Committee, Chairperson (2008) 
• Corporate Governance Committee (2006)        
• Corporate Governance Committee (2006)        
[END TABLE]
 TABLE OF CONTENTS
[BEGIN TABLE]
• Audit Review Committee (2003) 
• Audit Review Committee (2003) 
• Compensation Committee (2004)      
• Compensation Committee (2004)      
• Corporate Governance Committee, Chairperson (2004) 
• Corporate Governance Committee, Chairperson (2004) 
• Audit Review Committee (2003)                          
• Audit Review Committee (2003)                          
[END TABLE]
 TABLE OF CONTENTS
At the 2011 and 2017 Annual Meetings, the Board recommended and our stockholders approved the annual submission of stockholder advisory votes on the compensation of the Company's Named Executive Officers ("Named Executive Officers" or "NEOs"), which is commonly referred to as "Say-on-Pay." Accordingly, the Company submits a Say-on-Pay vote to its stockholders on an annual basis. Although the Say-on-Pay vote is non-binding, the Board and the Compensation Committee will review the voting results and take them into consideration when making future decisions regarding the Company's executive compensation programs. 
The goal of the Company's executive pay program is to align the interests of executives and stockholders and create long-term value for the Company's stockholders. To this end, the compensation of the NEOs and certain other members of management, generally consists of four basic components, three of which are tied to performance against financial metrics and/or the market price of the Company's stock: 
For more information, please see "Compensation Discussion and Analysis: Overview — Executive Summary" and the discussion that follows. 
For all of the NEOs, the annual cash bonus earned and the long term equity awards granted are tied to a mix of revenue, operating income, gross margin, working capital, earnings per share metrics and/or rTSR comparison — specific financial metrics that the Compensation Committee believes align to the creation of stockholder value. If a minimum threshold for a financial metric is not satisfied, no cash bonus is paid with respect to that metric, and the performance shares tied to that metric are forfeited. Similarly, stock options granted to the NEOs only have value if the share price of the Company's stock appreciates from the date of grant. 
Stockholders are urged to read the "Compensation Discussion and Analysis," which discusses how the Company's compensation policies and procedures implement the Company's compensation philosophy, as well as the "2018 Summary Compensation Table" and other related compensation tables and the narrative disclosures that describe the compensation of the Company's NEOs in fiscal year 2018. The "Compensation Discussion and Analysis" highlights in more detail how the compensation of the NEOs in fiscal year 2018 reflected our pay-for-performance philosophy and other key features of our executive compensation program that are designed to align the interests of the NEOs and stockholders. The Board and the Compensation Committee believe that the policies and procedures articulated in the "Compensation Discussion and Analysis" are effective in implementing the Company's compensation philosophy and in achieving its goals, and that the compensation of the NEOs in fiscal year 2018 reflects and supports these compensation policies and procedures. 
In accordance with Section 14A of the Securities Exchange Act (the "Exchange Act"), the Company is asking stockholders to indicate their approval of the compensation paid to the Company's NEOs as described in this Proxy Statement. Accordingly, the Company is asking stockholders to vote "FOR" the following non-binding advisory resolution at the Annual Meeting: 
"RESOLVED, that the compensation paid to the Company's Named Executive Officers, as disclosed pursuant to the compensation disclosure rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the compensation discussion and analysis, the compensation tables and any related material disclosed in this proxy statement, is hereby approved." 
The outcome of this advisory vote does not overrule any decision by the Company or the Board (or any committees thereof), create or imply any changes to the fiduciary duties of the Company or the Board (or any committees thereof), or create or imply any additional fiduciary duties for the Company or the Board (or any committees thereof). 
THE BOARD RECOMMENDS THAT STOCKHOLDERS VOTE "FOR" THE APPROVAL OF THE COMPENSATION PAID TO THE COMPANY'S NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AS DISCLOSED IN THIS PROXY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO THE COMPENSATION DISCLOSURE RULES OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.  TABLE OF CONTENTS
The Audit Review Committee is directly responsible for the appointment, compensation, retention and oversight of the independent auditor retained to audit the Company's financial statements. The Audit Review Committee has appointed PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP ("PwC") to serve as independent auditor to conduct an audit of the Company's consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2019. Although PwC has audited the consolidated financial statements of the Company since 1995 (1987 for legacy firm Coopers Lybrand), the Audit Review Committee reviews and considers retaining an alternative independent auditor from time to time. Representatives of PwC are expected to be present at the Annual Meeting, will have the opportunity to make a statement at the Annual Meeting if they desire to do so, and are expected to be available to respond to appropriate questions. 
In accordance with SEC rules and PwC policies, audit partners are subject to rotation requirements to limit the number of consecutive years of service an individual partner may provide audit service to the Company. For lead and concurring audit partners, the maximum number of consecutive years of service in that capacity is five years. In 2018, a new lead PwC engagement partner was designated commencing with the 2018 audit. The Audit Review Committee is directly involved in selecting the lead engagement partner of the independent auditor firm. 
Appointment of the Company's independent auditor is not required to be submitted to a vote of the stockholders of the Company for ratification. However, the Audit Review Committee has recommended that the Board submit this matter to the stockholders as a matter of good corporate practice. If the stockholders do not ratify the appointment, the Audit Review Committee will reconsider whether to retain PwC and may retain that firm, or another, without resubmitting the matter to the Company's stockholders. Even if the appointment is ratified, the Audit Review Committee may, in its discretion, direct the appointment of different independent auditors at any time during the year if it determines that such a change would be in the best interests of the Company and the stockholders. 
THE BOARD RECOMMENDS THAT STOCKHOLDERS VOTE "FOR" THE RATIFICATION OF THE APPOINTMENT OF PRICEWATERHOUSECOOPERS LLP AS INDEPENDENT AUDITOR FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019. 
The following table presents fees for professional audit services for the audit of the Company's annual consolidated financial statements for fiscal years ended December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017, and fees for other services rendered by PwC during those periods: 
The increase in the 2018 audit fees compared to the 2017 audit fees relates primarily to fees incurred in 2018 in connection with the acquisition of Interface Performance Materials completed by the Company in that year. 
Audit fees are related to services rendered in connection with the annual audit of the Company's consolidated financial statements, including Sarbanes-Oxley Section 404 controls testing, the quarterly reviews of the consolidated financial statements included in the Company's Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and international statutory audits. The majority of the work was performed by full-time, permanent employees of PwC. The "audit-related fees" incurred in 2018 relate primarily to work associated with the Company's adoption of a new leasing accounting standard. The decrease in the "audit-related fees" incurred in 2018 compared to 2017 relates primarily to work associated with the Company's adoption of a new revenue recognition accounting standard in 2017. Tax fees primarily relate to various tax-related consultations.  TABLE OF CONTENTS
The Audit Review Committee is responsible for fee negotiations with the independent auditor. All of the services described above were approved by the Audit Review Committee pursuant to policies and procedures that were established to comply with the SEC rules that require audit committee pre-approval of audit and non-audit services. On an ongoing basis, management communicates specific projects and categories of services for which advance approval of the Audit Review Committee is required. The Audit Review Committee reviews these requests and advises management and the independent auditor if the Audit Review Committee pre-approves the engagement of the independent auditor for such projects and services. On a periodic basis, the independent auditor reports to the Audit Review Committee the actual spending for such projects and services as compared with the approved amounts. The Audit Review Committee may delegate the ability to pre-approve audit and permitted non-audit services to a sub-committee or the Chair of the Audit Review Committee, provided that any such pre-approvals are reported at the next Audit Review Committee meeting. 
The Audit Review Committee has considered whether the services provided by PwC, other than audit services, are compatible with maintaining that firm's independence and has concluded that PwC is independent.  TABLE OF CONTENTS
Pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law and the Company's Bylaws, the Company's business, property and affairs are managed by or under the direction of the Board. Members of the Board are kept informed of the Company's business through discussions with the Chief Executive Officer and other officers, by reviewing materials provided to them, and by participating in meetings of the Board and its committees. 
The Company is committed to good corporate governance practices and has adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines to provide a framework for the effective governance of the Company. The Corporate Governance Committee periodically reviews the Corporate Governance Guidelines and recommends changes, as appropriate, to the Board for approval. 
The Board has three standing committees to assist the Board in executing its responsibilities: the Audit Review Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Corporate Governance Committee. In accordance with NYSE rules, each Committee is comprised solely of non-employee, independent Directors, within the meaning of the applicable NYSE rules. The Board has adopted a charter for each of the three standing committees, and the Company has a Code of Ethics and Business Conduct (the "Code") applicable to all Directors, officers and employees. Links to the Corporate Governance Guidelines, each Committee's charters and the Code can be found on Lydall's website at www.lydall.com. All materials available at www.lydall.com are also available to stockholders in print without charge, upon written request to Lydall, Inc., One Colonial Road, Manchester, CT 06042-2378, Attention: Secretary. 
The table below shows current membership and indicates the chairperson (*) for each of the standing Board committees. 
The Audit Review Committee assists the Board in fulfilling its responsibility to oversee the integrity of the Company's financial reporting process. The duties and responsibilities of the Audit Review Committee include: overseeing the performance of the Company's systems of internal accounting and financial controls; overseeing the Company's internal audit function; reviewing and determining the outside auditor's qualifications and independence; reviewing the Company's process for monitoring compliance with applicable legal, regulatory and ethics programs; overseeing the procedures for employee complaints and concerns regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters; overseeing the annual independent audit of the Company's financial statements; and preparing the Audit Review Committee Report required by the SEC to be included in the Company's proxy statement. 
The Audit Review Committee meets periodically with management to consider the adequacy of the Company's internal controls and its financial reporting process, and reviews pending or threatened legal proceedings involving the Company and other material contingent liabilities. It also discusses these matters with the Company's internal auditors, independent auditor, and appropriate Company financial and legal personnel. The Audit Review Committee reviews and approves the Company's financial statements and discusses them with management and the independent auditors before those financial statements are publicly released or filed with the SEC. 
The Audit Review Committee meets regularly in private session with the independent auditor, has the sole authority to retain and dismiss the independent auditor, pre-approves audit and non-audit services, and periodically reviews the independent auditor's performance and independence from management. The independent auditor has unrestricted access to, and reports directly to, the Audit Review Committee. 
The Audit Review Committee also reviews and approves the Company's decision to enter into all swaps transactions, has adopted and reviews annually the policy relating to the Company's use of the non-financial end-user exception ("Swaps Policy") and reports to the Board annually on the Company's compliance with the Swaps Policy.  TABLE OF CONTENTS
Audit Committee Financial Expert — The Board has determined that each member of the Audit Review Committee is "financially literate" within the meaning of the NYSE rules and is an "audit committee financial expert" as that term is defined under Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of Regulation S-K. 
The Compensation Committee has responsibility for the Company's compensation of management, incentive plans and programs. The duties and responsibilities of the Compensation Committee include: making recommendations to the Board regarding the Company's incentive and equity-based compensation plans and non-CEO compensation policy; reviewing and approving the Company's goals and objectives relevant to compensation (such as the goal of attracting and retaining highly qualified individuals and motivating individual performance leading to increased stockholder value); determining and approving the Chief Executive Officer's annual compensation, including incentive awards; reviewing the Company's Compensation Discussion and Analysis ("CD&A") with management and, based upon such review, considering whether it will recommend to the Board that the CD&A be included in the Company's proxy statement; preparing the Compensation Committee Report for inclusion in the annual proxy statement; approving all grants of stock awards pursuant to the Company's stock incentive compensation plans; approving all employment agreements and compensation arrangements for the CEO, the Named Executive Officers and other direct reports of the CEO; reviewing whether risks associated with the Company's compensation policies and practices are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company; reviewing the form and amount of compensation for non-management Directors and recommending changes to the Board; and retaining or obtaining advice from compensation advisors after taking into consideration certain independence factors related to said compensation advisors. 
The Corporate Governance Committee has responsibility for developing Board membership and overseeing corporate governance of the Company. The Corporate Governance Committee is responsible for: identifying individuals who are qualified to become Board members consistent with criteria approved by the Board; selecting and recommending to the Board the Director nominees for the next Annual Meeting; making recommendations to the Board as to the membership and chairperson of each standing committee; developing and recommending to the Board a set of corporate governance guidelines applicable to the Company designed to provide for effective and efficient governance of the Company; overseeing the evaluation of the Board; and providing guidance on matters relating to corporate governance. 
Other duties and responsibilities of the Corporate Governance Committee include: assessing whether an incumbent director nominee who does not receive more votes "for" than "against" his or her election in an uncontested election should continue to serve as a director; reviewing annually the relationships between directors, the Company and members of management and recommending to the Board whether each director qualifies as "independent"; periodically reviewing the Board's leadership structure to assess whether it is appropriate given the specific characteristics or circumstances of the Company; overseeing the development of a succession plan for the Chief Executive Officer; evaluating the Chief Executive Officer's performance annually and overseeing the evaluation of the Company's executive officers; and reviewing and approving all director and officer indemnification and insurance arrangements. 
The Corporate Governance Committee is responsible for identifying individuals who are qualified to be Directors, consistent with criteria approved by the Board, and selecting and recommending to the Board the Director nominees for each Annual Meeting. The Corporate Governance Committee evaluates the skills and expertise needed by the Board and the skills and expertise that are possessed by current Board members. The Corporate Governance Committee seeks persons of the highest ethical standards and proven integrity, and with demonstrated ability and sound judgment, to serve as members of the Board. 
When considering candidates for Director, the Corporate Governance Committee takes into account a number of factors, including the following criteria approved by the Board: (i) whether the candidate is independent under the NYSE rules, the rules and regulations under the Exchange Act and the independence standards adopted by the Board; (ii) whether the candidate has skills and expertise needed by the Board; (iii) whether the candidate has demonstrated ability, sound judgment and good decision-making skills; (iv) whether the candidate has prior experience as a corporate Director; (v) whether the candidate has prior public company experience; (vi) whether the candidate has prior experience in global manufacturing companies; and (vii) the extent to which the candidate has other time commitments and obligations that might interfere with his or her duties and responsibilities as a Director. All members of the Audit Review Committee must meet the additional standards for independence applicable to members of an audit committee under Section 10A(m) of the Exchange Act and the NYSE rules  TABLE OF CONTENTS
and must satisfy the financial literacy requirements of the NYSE rules. At least one member of the Audit Review Committee must be an "audit committee financial expert," as defined under rules promulgated by the SEC. All members of the Compensation Committee must meet the additional standards for independence applicable to members of a compensation committee under the NYSE rules. 
Not all Directors need to fulfill all criteria; rather, the Corporate Governance Committee seeks candidates whose skills balance or complement the skills of other Board members. 
No Director may sit on more than four boards of publicly-traded companies in addition to the board of the company by which he or she is employed. 
The Corporate Governance Committee has not adopted a written policy with regard to the consideration of diversity when evaluating candidates for Director. However, in practice, the Corporate Governance Committee considers diversity of viewpoint, professional experience, education and skill in assessing candidates for the Board to ensure breadth of experience, knowledge and abilities within the Board. The Corporate Governance Committee does not assign specific weights to particular criteria that the Corporate Governance Committee reviews and no particular criterion is a prerequisite for the consideration of any prospective nominee. 
When seeking candidates for Director, the Corporate Governance Committee may solicit suggestions from incumbent Directors, management or others. From time to time, the Corporate Governance Committee may also employ a search firm to identify appropriate candidates and perform screening interviews and reference checks for candidates who are then interviewed by the Corporate Governance Committee and presented to the Board, if appropriate. 
Unless otherwise requested by the Corporate Governance Committee, a Director shall offer not to stand for re-election at any annual meeting that follows his or her seventieth birthday. In addition, a Director shall tender his or her resignation following any change in the Director's employment status or principal position, or any other significant change in his or her personal circumstances. The Board may ask the Director not to resign, or may defer acceptance of the resignation. Mr. Gurley turned 70 on September 30, 2018 and offered not to stand for re-election at the Annual Meeting. After considering Mr. Gurley's many contributions to the Board and his experiences in areas of critical importance to the Company, the Corporate Governance Committee recommended to the full Board that Mr. Gurley be asked to agree to stand for re-election at the Annual Meeting as a Director. The Board approved the recommendation of the Corporate Governance Committee, and Mr. Gurley agreed to continue to serve as a Director and to stand for re-election. 
The Corporate Governance Committee will consider in accordance with the criteria described above written proposals from stockholders for nominees for Director, provided such proposals meet the requirements set forth in the Company's Bylaws. For a description of the procedures a stockholder must follow to nominate a person for election to the Board, please see "Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominations" below. 
The Board, upon the recommendation of the Corporate Governance Committee, has determined that the roles of the Chair of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer should remain separated. Accordingly, the Board has appointed Marc T. Giles, an independent director within the meaning of NYSE rules, as the Chair of the Board. The Company has had a non-management, independent Chair since 1998. The Board and the Corporate Governance Committee believe this leadership structure continues to be appropriate for the Company at the present time because the bifurcated leadership structure:  TABLE OF CONTENTS
The Board has concluded that David G. Bills, Kathleen Burdett, James J. Cannon, Matthew T. Farrell, Marc T. Giles, William D. Gurley, Suzanne Hammett, and S. Carl Soderstrom, Jr. (all of the current non-employee Directors) are "independent" for purposes of the applicable NYSE rules, that the members of the Audit Review Committee are also "independent" for purposes of Section 10A(m)(3) of the Exchange Act and that the members of the Compensation Committee are also "independent" under the enhanced independence rules of the NYSE for compensation committee members. The Board based its independence determinations in part on a review of the responses of the Directors to questions regarding employment and compensation history, affiliations, family and other relationships (which responses indicated that no relationships or transactions exist), together with an examination of those companies with whom the Company transacts business. Although the Board maintains categorical standards to assist in determining whether non-employee Directors are independent, given the absence of any relationships or transactions between non-employee Directors and the Company, the categorical standards were not used in connection with the Board's determinations. The categorical standards are set forth in the Company's Corporate Governance Guidelines (available on www.lydall.com). 
During fiscal year 2018, the Compensation Committee consisted of Kathleen Burdett, James J. Cannon, Matthew T. Farrell, William D. Gurley and Suzanne Hammett. As discussed above, all members of the Compensation Committee are independent Directors under the enhanced independence rules of the NYSE for compensation committee members. No executive officer of the Company has served as a Director or a member of a compensation committee of another company where any member of the Compensation Committee is an executive officer. 
The Board oversees the Company's risk management processes directly and through its committees. 
Management has adopted an ongoing risk management process that it uses to identify and assess Company risks. Periodically, management advises the Board and the appropriate Board committee(s) of the following: 
The Board fulfills its oversight role by discussing with management the policies and practices utilized by management in assessing and managing risks and providing input on those policies and practices, through: 
In addition, the Board may request regular reports directly from personnel of the Company responsible for oversight of particular risks within the Company. This process enables the Board and its committees to coordinate and supervise risk oversight, particularly with respect to risks that are overseen by different committees of the Board and different personnel within the Company. 
The Company provides detailed risk factors impacting its business in its Annual Reports on Form 10-K and its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC.  TABLE OF CONTENTS
The Board is committed to upholding the highest legal and ethical conduct in fulfilling its responsibilities and recognizes that related party transactions can present a heightened risk of potential or actual conflicts of interest. Accordingly, as a general matter, the Company prefers to avoid related party transactions. 
The Company follows a written policy for the review and prior approval by the Corporate Controller's Department of all related party transactions. The policy includes a detailed process which requires a thorough review and documentation of any potential related party transactions before consummation. In addition, annually, the General Counsel obtains responses of the Directors and executive officers to questions as to whether a family member of a Director or executive officer is employed by the Company and whether a Director or executive officer has any other relationship with the Company. The Company compiles a list of those companies reported (if any) and compares it against the record of companies with whom the Company transacts business, noting the dollar amount of transactions with such companies, if any. The Company then provides a report to the members of the Audit Review Committee, which reviews the information. 
The Company did not engage in any related party transactions requiring disclosure during fiscal year 2018 and none are currently proposed. 
During fiscal year 2018, the Board held ten meetings; the Audit Review Committee held six meetings; the Compensation Committee held six meetings; and the Corporate Governance Committee held five meetings. Each of the Directors attended at least 75% of the aggregate number of meetings of the Board and of each of the Board committees of which he or she was a member during fiscal year 2018. The Board's practice is to meet in executive session without members of management present at every regularly scheduled Board meeting held in person and at special meetings as circumstances warrant. These sessions are presided over by the Chair of the Board. 
A Board meeting is scheduled in conjunction with the Company's Annual Meeting, and in accordance with the Corporate Governance Guidelines, all of the Director nominees are expected to attend the Annual Meeting. All Directors and nominees attended last year's Annual Meeting. 
Stockholders of Lydall and other parties may contact the Chair of the Board by email at: chairman@lydall.com and, if interested in communicating with the Board or any Director, may write to them at the following address: 
Lydall, Inc.  One Colonial Road  Manchester, CT 06042 
Communications are distributed to the Board, or to any individual Director, as appropriate, depending on the facts and circumstances outlined in the communication. In that regard, the Board has requested that certain items that are unrelated to the duties and responsibilities of the Board should be excluded, such as product inquiries and complaints, new product suggestions, resumes and other forms of job inquiries, surveys, and business solicitations or advertisements. In addition, material that is unduly hostile, threatening, illegal or similarly unsuitable will be excluded, with the provision that any communication that is filtered out must be made available to any non-management Director upon request. 
In accordance with NYSE rules, in the event that any member of the Audit Review Committee simultaneously serves on the audit committees of more than three public companies, the Board will assess whether such simultaneous service impairs the ability of such member to effectively serve as a member of the Audit Review Committee, and the Company will disclose such assessment either on or through the Company's website or in its annual proxy statement or Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC. No member of the Company's Audit Review Committee currently serves on the audit committees of more than three public companies.  TABLE OF CONTENTS
In addition, the Company will disclose, either on or through the Company's website or in its annual proxy statement or Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC, any contributions by the Company to a tax exempt organization in which any non-management or independent Director serves as an executive officer if, within the preceding three years, contributions in any single fiscal year exceeded the greater of $1 million or 2% of such tax exempt organization's consolidated gross revenues. No such contributions have been made by the Company to any such tax exempt organization.  TABLE OF CONTENTS
The Audit Review Committee (the "Committee") operates under a written charter adopted and approved by the Board (the "Charter"). The Charter, which defines the functions and responsibilities of the Committee, is reviewed annually. A link to the Committee's Charter can be found on www.lydall.com. The Committee has determined that its Charter and practices are consistent with the listing standards of the NYSE and the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
During 2018, all Directors who served on the Committee were "independent" for purposes of the NYSE rules and Section 10A(m)(3) of the Exchange Act. The Board has determined that none of the Committee members has a relationship with the Company that may interfere with his/her independence from the Company and its management, and that each member is an "audit committee financial expert" as defined by the SEC. 
Periodically, the Committee meets with management to consider the adequacy of the Company's internal controls and the objectivity and appropriateness of its financial reporting. The Committee also discusses these matters with PwC, the Company's independent auditors, appropriate Company financial personnel, and internal auditors, both separately and jointly. Independent and internal auditors of the Company have unrestricted access to the Committee. 
Management has primary responsibility for the Company's financial statements and the overall reporting process, including the Company's system of internal controls. The independent auditors audit the annual financial statements prepared by management, express an opinion as to whether those financial statements fairly present the financial position, results of operations and cash flows of the Company in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ("U.S. GAAP"), and discuss with the Committee the Company's significant accounting policies, accounting estimates and management judgments reflected in the financial statements, audit adjustments arising from the audit, and other matters in accordance with Auditing Standard No. 1301 (Communications with Audit Committees) as adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board ("PCAOB"). 
The Committee reviewed the Company's audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018, and met with both management and PwC to discuss those financial statements. Management has represented to the Committee that the financial statements were prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. PwC has reported to the Committee that such financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position, results of operations, and cash flows of the Company in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
At each regularly scheduled Committee meeting during 2018, the Committee monitored and discussed with management and PwC the status of the Company's compliance with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. The Committee also reviewed and discussed with PwC and management their reports and attestations on internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
The Committee annually reviews PwC's independence and performance in connection with the determination to retain PwC. PwC has provided to the Committee the written disclosures and the letter required by PCAOB's Ethics and Independence Rule 3526 (Communication with Audit Committees Concerning Independence), and the Committee discussed and confirmed with PwC their independence. As a result of their evaluation, the Committee has concluded that PwC has the ability to provide the necessary expertise to audit the Company's businesses on a global basis, and the Committee approved the appointment of PwC as Lydall's independent registered public accounting firm for 2019. 
Based on the foregoing, the Committee has recommended to the Board, and the Board approved, that the Company's audited financial statements be included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018. 
David G. Bills  Kathleen Burdett, Chair  Matthew T. Farrell Suzanne Hammett S. Carl Soderstrom, Jr.  TABLE OF CONTENTS
The goal of the Company's executive pay program is to align the interests of executives and stockholders and create long-term value for the Company's stockholders. To this end, the 2018 compensation of the Named Executive Officers ("NEOs") primarily consisted of four basic components, three of which were tied to performance against financial metrics and/or the market price of the Company's stock: 
Our executive compensation structure is designed to achieve the Company's short-term and long-term financial and operational objectives and to align the interests of stockholders and executives. In that respect, the actual 2018 compensation of the NEOs reflects the philosophy of making a substantial portion of each executive's compensation variable depending on the Company's performance. 
The chart below shows the 2018 compensation pay mix for the CEO. 
The CEO compensation pay mix is calculated based on (1) 2018 Base Salary, (2) 2018 Cash Bonus paid in March 2019, and (3) 2018 Long-Term Incentive grants made on December 8, 2017. TABLE OF CONTENTS
The following highlights the key decisions made by the Compensation Committee related to 2018 compensation for the NEOs:
The performance-based restricted stock awards (three-year) granted on December 4, 2015 with vesting tied to achievement of the required year-end 2018 threshold level of earnings per share from continuing operations did not vest since adjusted earnings per share were $2.22, compared to a threshold payout target of $2.30 (for more details, see discussion below under "Payouts of Prior Awards Based on 2018 Performance"). 
At the request of the Compensation Committee, management conducted its annual assessment of the risk profile of the Company's compensation programs in February 2019. As a result of this review, the Compensation Committee believes that the Company's compensation policies do not encourage excessive and unnecessary risk-taking, and that the level of risk that these policies and practices do encourage is not reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company. 
The key elements of executive compensation that depend on the Company's financial and operating performance include:  TABLE OF CONTENTS
The Compensation Committee provides compensation and adopts policies designed to align the interests of executives with those of the stockholders. These include: 
The Committee strives to attract, motivate and retain executive officers by: 
The Compensation Committee has been appointed by the Board to oversee matters relating to executive compensation. Reporting to the Board, the Committee has overall responsibility for the Company's compensation and incentive plans and programs. The Committee may form, and delegate authority to, subcommittees when appropriate. If the Committee delegates any function to one or more members of the Committee for any purpose, those members shall report any action taken to the full Committee at its next meeting. For a more detailed description of the Committee's responsibilities and its composition, please see the discussion under the heading "Corporate Governance — Committees" in this Proxy Statement. 
The Compensation Committee determines and approves the Chief Executive Officer's compensation and approves the compensation for each of the other NEOs based upon the recommendations of the Chief Executive Officer. From time-to-time, the Committee engages independent compensation consultants to provide market and competitive information to assist it in understanding the competitive landscape for all of the NEOs and in developing compensation programs for them.  TABLE OF CONTENTS
In determining compensation for the NEOs for fiscal year 2018, including the grant of stock options and PSAs in December 2017, the Committee considered the following:
In addition, the Committee reviews compensation data (which summarize current and historical compensation of each NEO) and an accumulated wealth analysis (which summarizes the long-term equity-based compensation accumulated by each NEO over the past five years). The Committee also evaluates each individual's total compensation compared with other executives within the organization. 
The Committee does not assign specific weights to any of these factors described above and, ultimately, the Committee's compensation decisions are subjectively reached based on the Committee's business judgment. 
Periodically throughout the year, the Committee discusses the philosophy for overall compensation, reviews and discusses adequacy and appropriateness of the structure of compensation, considers whether to modify compensation and the relative mix of compensation elements and, on occasion, makes changes to compensation that it deems appropriate. 
The Chief Executive Officer assists the Committee with respect to the compensation packages for the NEOs other than himself. This assistance includes making recommendations regarding salary and incentive compensation levels based on management's review of performance, achievement of goals and objectives, and competitive market information. Executive officers do not play a role in their own compensation determinations or that of others (except that the Chief Executive Officer is directly involved, with the support of senior leaders in the Human Resources Department, in the compensation determinations of other executive officers), except to discuss their own respective individual performance with the Chief Executive Officer. The final approval of compensation for the executive officers is performed in private session, with no executive officer (including the CEO) attending. No executive officer is involved in determining Director compensation. 
The Committee considers information and advice obtained from its compensation consultant, Meridian Compensation Partners LLC ("Meridian"), in determining the compensation packages for the NEOs and all directors who are not employees of Lydall (the "Non-Employee Directors"). Meridian is retained directly by the Committee. The Committee has determined that no conflicts of interest exist between the Company and Meridian based on SEC Rule 10C-1(b)(4) and the corresponding NYSE independence factors regarding compensation advisor independence. 
In September 2016 and September 2018, the Committee commissioned and received an Executive Compensation Analysis report from Meridian (the "2016 Analysis" and the "2018 Analysis"). Among other factors, inputs from the 2016 Analysis were considered for setting NEO compensation for 2018 and the 2018 Analysis was considered for setting NEO compensation for 2019. For the 2016 Analysis and 2018 Analysis, Meridian used data from Aon Hewitt TCM survey and the Willis Towers Watson CDB General Industry Executive Compensation Survey ("Willis Towers Watson") from the respective years. The Aon Hewitt data used for 2016 Analysis was based on companies with revenue between $200 million and $1.5 billion. The Aon Hewitt data used for 2018 analysis was based on companies with revenue between $500 million and $2.0 billion for Corporate positions and comparable revenue sizes for the Business Unit positions. The Willis Towers Watson data was regressed to reflect companies and business units of Lydall's size.  TABLE OF CONTENTS
The 2016 Analysis and the 2018 Analysis described above were used by the Committee to supplement its general understanding of current compensation practices. The Committee does not target payment for any compensation element or total compensation to any specified level of the companies included in the survey data. The Committee does not have any policies for allocating between long-term and currently paid-out compensation, between cash and non-cash compensation, among different forms of non-cash compensation, or among different forms of long-term awards. 
As noted above, the 2018 compensation for the NEOs consisted of base salary, eligibility for an annual cash performance bonus under the AIP Program, long-term equity incentive awards and other compensation, including benefits and perquisites. Each element of compensation is explained below. 
Adjustments were made to increase the base salaries of the NEOs for 2018 ranging from 1.5% to 6.3% as shown in more detail in the table below. In making these adjustments, the Committee took into consideration the factors described above under "Determining Compensation." 
Except for Mr. Gonzales, who joined the Company in 2018, all adjustments to NEO base salaries were approved by the Committee at a regularly scheduled meeting of the Committee held on December 8, 2017 and were effective as of December 26, 2017. 
The base salaries of the NEOs and the percentage increases for 2018 were as follows:  TABLE OF CONTENTS
The Company's AIP Program, determination of eligibility and amount of the cash performance bonus payable to each of the NEOs is described below:  TABLE OF CONTENTS
The Target Bonus Percentage, Target Bonus Amount, Combined AIP Bonus Payout Factor and Final AIP Payout amount for each of the NEOs for 2018 are shown in the following table: 
AIP Table 1 
The Performance Metrics selected by the Committee for 2018 and as defined in the AIP Program are: 
AIP Table 2 
The Performance Metric Targets, actual performance results and AIP Bonus Payout Factor for 2018, each on a consolidated basis, are shown in the following table: 
AIP Table 3  TABLE OF CONTENTS
The 2018 AIP Performance Metrics, their relative weights and the performance and payout ranges, each on a consolidated basis, are shown in the following table: 
AIP Table 4 
The Committee believes that executives and other employees who are in a position to make a substantial contribution to the long-term success of the Company and to build stockholder value should have a significant equity stake in the Company. The Company uses equity grants to focus on the retention of executive officers and to enhance the alignment of the interests of executive officers with the goals of improving Company profitability and advancing stockholder interests over the long term. 
The Company awarded stock options and PSAs to the NEOs as part of their 2018 compensation. Except for an award made to Mr. Gonzales who was hired in March 2018, no time-based restricted stock awards ("RSAs") were made as part of the 2018 compensation packages for the NEOs, as the Committee has decided to limit the use of RSAs to special circumstances — such as recognition for extraordinary efforts, hiring or retention awards. The Committee approved the following equity awards for the NEOs as part of their 2018 compensation package. The amounts of awards were subjectively determined by the Committee based on the factors described above under "Determining Compensation."
To the extent earnings per share targets are achieved, these PSAs will vest immediately upon such certification by the Committee. The Company has not disclosed the specific fiscal year 2020 earnings per share target because it represents confidential, commercially-sensitive information that the Company does not disclose to the public and that could cause competitive harm if known in the marketplace. Both earnings per share and the factors that influence earnings per share, such as revenue and efforts to control costs, are inherently competitive and if disclosed would provide valuable insight into areas of focus for the Company. The Committee set the 2020 earnings per share target for the PSAs at a level that it believed would be challenging but possible for the Company to achieve. TABLE OF CONTENTS
The following is a summary of the long-term incentive awards made to the NEOs on the dates indicated as part of their 2018 compensation: 
Specifically, with respect to the equity awards granted to the CEO in connection with his 2018 compensation, the Committee considered the Company's strong performance, the CEO's continued contributions relative to the ongoing execution of the Company's strategic transformation, and other accomplishments in deciding to make equity awards totaling approximately $1.5 million. 
The time-based stock option awards and PSAs granted to the NEOs in December 2017 are reflected in the "Summary Compensation Table" as 2017 compensation because these awards were actually granted in 2017 (except for Mr. Gonzales), even though they relate to the 2018 compensation packages for the NEOs. For the same reason, these awards were reflected in last year's proxy statement in the table titled "Grants of Plan-Based Awards for 2017." The amounts reported in the Stock Awards and Option Awards columns of the "Fiscal Year 2018 Summary Compensation Table" relate to the PSAs and stock options granted by the Company in December 2018 as a component of 2019 compensation. These awards, which are described below in "Fiscal 2019 Executive Compensation," are reflected in the table titled "Grants of Plan-Based Awards for 2018." 
The Company does not have a program, plan or practice to select equity grant dates in connection with the release of favorable or negative news. The Company generally grants equity awards at the regularly scheduled December meeting of its Board. With respect to 2018 compensation, stock option grants were made and PSAs and RSAs were awarded to the NEOs at a meeting of the Compensation Committee on December 8, 2017. See "Fiscal 2019 Executive Compensation Components" below for a discussion of the timing of equity grants with respect to 2019 compensation. 
The 2018 earnings per share ("EPS") target for the PSAs granted in 2015 was set at $2.87 by the Committee. On February 15, 2019, the Committee determined that the 2018 EPS was below the threshold level performance of $2.30, as actual adjusted EPS for 2018 was $2.22. Accordingly, none of the PSAs awarded to the NEOs that were based on the 2018 EPS target vested.  TABLE OF CONTENTS
The Company has included provisions relating to the clawback or recoupment of compensation in several of its plans. 
Under the Amended and Restated Lydall 2003 Stock Incentive Compensation Plan (the "2003 Stock Plan"), any award recipient who breaches his or her non-competition, non-interference, non-solicitation or confidentiality obligations to the Company may be obligated, subject to the Committee's sole discretion, to return to the Company the economic value of any award that was realized or obtained by the recipient at any time during the six-month period prior to the date the recipient's employment with the Company terminated. Additionally, the Committee may annul any award granted under the 2003 Stock Plan if the recipient's employment is terminated for cause and, in such event, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, require the recipient to return to the Company the economic value of any award that was realized or obtained by the recipient at any time during the six-month period prior to the date the recipient's employment with the Company terminated. Although the 2003 Stock Plan expired on October 24, 2012 and no further awards may be granted subsequent to that date, outstanding awards granted under the 2003 Stock Plan remain in effect and are subject to the above-described recovery provisions. 
Awards under the Lydall, Inc. 2012 Stock Incentive Plan (the "2012 Stock Plan"), approved by stockholders at the 2012 Annual Meeting, are subject to the forfeiture and recoupment provisions of the 2012 Stock Plan, which provides that if the Plan Administrator (as defined in the 2012 Stock Plan) determines in good faith that a participant has engaged in fraudulent conduct relating to the Company, then such participant's outstanding awards shall be forfeited and, with respect to the year in which such fraudulent conduct occurred, the participant will be required to reimburse the Company for the economic value that was realized by such participant that was based on or resulted from such fraudulent conduct. In addition, any award shall be subject to recoupment as required by the applicable provisions of any law (including the clawback provisions added by the Dodd-Frank Act), government regulation or stock exchange listing requirement (and any policy adopted by the Company pursuant to any such law, government regulation or stock exchange listing requirement). 
The AIP Program provides that cash bonus payments are subject to recoupment if the Committee determines that a participating employee committed wrongdoing that contributed to a material misstatement, intentional or gross misconduct, a breach of a fiduciary duty to the Company or its stockholders, or fraud. In addition, at its discretion, the Committee may require a participating employee to disgorge and repay any bonus received based upon financial statements that are later restated, other than restatements due solely to facts external to the Company, such as a change in accounting principles or a retroactive change in law. Cash bonus payments also may be recouped in accordance with the applicable provisions of any law, regulation, stock exchange listing requirement or Company policy. 
Severance and Change in Control Agreements — Each of the NEOs have entered into agreements with the Company that provide for payment under specified conditions after a change in control of the Company (which, for Mr. Deakin, would include a change in control of the Thermal Acoustical Solutions business segment) or upon the executive's termination under certain circumstances, as described under "Executive Compensation — Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change-In-Control." In exchange for and immediately prior to the receipt of the termination benefits provided for under these agreements, the NEOs are required to execute and deliver a general release of all claims in favor of the Company. As a general practice, the Company enters into change of control agreements with key members of management to ensure that they are incentivized to act in the best interests of the Company's stockholders in the event of a prospective or actual change in control and to enhance executive retention. 
401(k) Defined Contribution Plan — The Company provides a tax-qualified defined contribution retirement plan to eligible non-union and union employees, including NEOs, in the form of a 401(k) savings plan. For non-union participants, the Lydall 401(k) Plan provides that the Company make a matching contribution based on participant salary deferrals to the 401(k) plan, subject to IRS limits. The compensation eligible for the matching contribution includes any cash bonuses, but excludes the value of any equity compensation. In 2018, the Company provided matching contributions to the 401(k) plan for the NEOs at the rates of 100% of the first 3% of salary deferral by a participant, plus 50% of the next 2% of salary deferral by a participant.  TABLE OF CONTENTS
Health & Welfare Plans — The Company offers a health care plan that provides medical, dental, prescription drug, and vision coverage to its employees, including the NEOs. The Company also offers fitness reimbursement up to $500 to its employees and "Wellness" incentives up to $1,000 to its employees who participate in Lydall's medical plan, including the NEOs. 
Perquisites — The Company primarily provides perquisites to NEOs for relocation expenses, tax gross-ups for relocation expenses, car allowances (including gas usage), and on occasion, tax assistance and other minimal expense reimbursements that are ancillary to a business purpose. Perquisites awarded to the NEOs in 2018 are disclosed in the "All Other Compensation" column of the Summary Compensation Table. 
All NEOs are currently covered under an Executive Life Program and an Executive Disability Insurance Program. The programs provide for life insurance benefits at four times base salary for the Chief Executive Officer and three times base salary for the other NEOs, and annual executive disability proceeds at a target level of 100% of an NEOs base salary, in each case up to applicable insurance limits (including individual insurability). The full amount of the premiums paid by the Company for these benefits is reflected in the "All Other Compensation" column of the Summary Compensation Table below. If an NEO died or became disabled on December 31, 2018, the NEO would have been eligible for the benefits set forth in the table below: 
At the Company's annual meeting of stockholders held in April 2018, 98.4% of the votes cast on the Say-on-Pay proposal were voted in favor of the proposal. The Compensation Committee believes this affirms stockholders' support of the Company's approach to executive compensation, and maintained this general approach in 2018. The Compensation Committee will continue to consider the annual vote results for the Company's Say-on-Pay proposals when making future compensation decisions for the NEOs. 
The 2019 compensation for the NEOs consists of elements explained in the "Overview — Executive Summary" section above. Compensation for 2019 was subjectively determined based on the factors described above under "Determining Compensation." 
Adjustments were made to increase the base salaries of the NEOs for 2019 ranging from 0% to 10.4% based on the factors discussed under the section "Determining Compensation" above (Mr. Barnhart received no increase to his base salary in light of the performance in 2018). The 2019 base salaries of the NEOs, effective December 24, 2018, are as follows:  TABLE OF CONTENTS
The 2019 AIP Target Bonus Percentages of the NEOs are shown above. AIP Target Bonus were increased from 50% to 55% for Mr. McDaniel, 40% to 45% for Mr. Marold and Mr. Abbruzzi. The Compensation Committee did not make any program design changes to the 2019 AIP Program. 
In December 2018, the Compensation Committee,
Similar to the awards made in connection with the compensation packages for 2018, the December 2018 time-based stock option awards vest in equal installments over four years. Vesting of PSAs will be determined upon certification by the Committee that the Company has achieved 3-year rTSR during the performance period from January 2019 through December 2021. 
The performance and payout range for the PSAs is shown below: 
The following is a summary of the time-based stock option awards and the PSAs that were granted to the NEOs on December 7, 2018 as part of 2019 compensation: 
Specifically, with respect to the equity awards granted to the CEO in connection with his 2019 compensation, the Committee considered the Company's performance, the CEO's continued contributions relative to the ongoing execution of the Company's strategic transformation (including the acquisition of Interface Performance Materials), and other aspects of the Company's accomplishments in deciding to make equity awards totaling approximately $1.3 million.  TABLE OF CONTENTS
While the stock options and PSAs reflected in the table above related to each NEO's compensation package for 2019, they are reflected in the Summary Compensation Table as a 2018 compensation item and in the table titled "Grants of Plan-Based Awards For 2018" because they were granted or awarded in 2018. 
The Board has developed and implemented stock ownership guidelines that cover Non-Employee Directors and certain senior executive officers, including the NEOs. The stock ownership guidelines are designed to link the personal financial interests of the covered individuals to the Company's success and better align their interests with the interests of the Company's stockholders. 
The Stock Ownership guideline for the Non-Employee Directors and the NEOs are as follows: 
The Company's Corporate Governance Guidelines establish share ownership guidelines for Non-Employee Directors (the "Non-Employee Director Ownership Guidelines"). Under the Non-Employee Director Ownership Guidelines, each of the Company's Non-Employee Directors should acquire and hold shares of the Company's Common Stock having a fair market value (determined as set forth below) equal to the Minimum Stock Ownership Amount shown in the table above. For purposes of determining whether a Non-Employee Director's stock ownership amount satisfies the applicable Minimum Stock Ownership Amount for such Non-Employee Director, the fair market value of the Company's Common Stock shall be the average closing price of the Company's Common Stock over the 365-day period beginning with January 1, 2017, as reported by the New York Stock Exchange. The Minimum Stock Ownership Amount will be recalibrated every three (3) years after January 1, 2017, based on the then current annual stock retainer of the Non-Employee Directors and the average closing stock price of the Company's Common Stock over the preceding 365-day period. The Minimum Stock Ownership Amount should be achieved within the later of: (i) five years from the date of the original adoption of the Guidelines (which was February 23, 2006); (ii) five years from the date a person is first elected a Non-Employee Director of the Company (unless a waiver is granted by the Compensation Committee; or (iii) as to any increased stock ownership level resulting from an increase in the annual stock retainer, five years from the date of such increase. Currently, all of the Company's Non-Employee Directors own a sufficient number of the Company's shares to meet the applicable Minimum Stock Ownership Amount established by the Non-Employee Director Ownership Guidelines. 
Under the Company's Stock Ownership Guidelines for Senior Executive Officers (the "Officer Ownership Guidelines"), the targeted stock ownership amount for each covered individual will be determined as of the later of January 1, 2014 or the date such individual first becomes subject to the Officer Ownership Guidelines (the "Date of Determination") and will be based on the individual's annual base salary in effect as of such date. For purposes of determining whether a covered individual's stock ownership amount satisfied the Officer Ownership Guidelines, the fair market value of the Company's Common Stock will be equal to the average closing price of the Company's Common Stock over the 365-day period immediately preceding the Date of Determination. The deadline to achieve compliance with the Officer Ownership Guidelines is the later of December 31, 2014 or the date which is five (5) years after each individual was appointed to the executive officer position. The targeted stock ownership amount for each individual will be recalibrated every three (3) years after January 1, 2014 based on the then current base salary of each officer and the average closing price of the Company's Common Stock over the preceding 365-day period. Once achieved, ownership of the applicable targeted amount of stock must be maintained for as long as an individual is covered by the Officer Ownership Guidelines. Currently, the Chief Executive Officer owns, and the remaining NEOs own or are on track to own, a sufficient number of the Company's shares to meet the applicable stock ownership levels established by the Officer Ownership Guidelines.  TABLE OF CONTENTS
Qualifying ownership interests for purposes of the Officer Ownership Guidelines include: 
The Company's Securities Law Compliance policy has long prohibited Directors and Executive Officers from engaging in hedging activities involving Lydall securities. Historically, pledging of Lydall stock or entering into margin loans involving Lydall stock had been discouraged, but not prohibited. In 2018, the Company amended its Securities Law Compliance policy to prohibit Directors and Executive Officers from entering into margin loans involving Lydall securities or otherwise pledging Lydall securities. None of the Company's Directors or NEOs has any Lydall securities pledged or involved in margin loans, nor did they throughout all of 2018. 
Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), limits the deductibility of compensation in excess of $1 million paid to specified executive officers of public companies, unless certain specific and detailed criteria are satisfied. The Committee considers the anticipated tax treatment to the Company and the executive officers in its review and establishment of compensation programs and payments. However, to ensure that the Committee maintains the flexibility to structure executive compensation in ways that best promote the interests of the Company and in light of recent tax law changes, the Committee will not necessarily seek to limit executive compensation to that deductible under Section 162(m) of the Code. 
The exemption from Section 162(m)'s deduction limit for performance-based compensation has been repealed by the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act ("TCJA"), effective for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, such that compensation paid to our covered executive officers (including, now, our Chief Financial Officer) in excess of $1 million will not be deductible for tax years beginning with 2018, unless it qualifies for transition relief applicable to certain arrangements in place as of November 2, 2017. Such arrangements, now applicable to the Company's 2016 and pre-November 2, 2017 performance-based awards, are grandfathered and may still be subject to the deduction. 
The Compensation Committee (the "Committee") is composed of Independent Directors, as defined under applicable NYSE rules, Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act and Section 162(m) of the Code. The Committee was appointed by the Board and chartered to oversee and approve the compensation and incentive programs of Lydall executive officers and Directors and to review all other incentive programs of the Company. The Committee has reviewed and discussed the Compensation Discussion and Analysis with management and, based on such review and discussion, the Committee recommended to the Board that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in this Proxy Statement. 
Kathleen Burdett  Matthew T. Farrell James J. Cannon  William D. Gurley, Chair Suzanne Hammett  TABLE OF CONTENTS
The following table shows the compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to the Named Executive Officers for the fiscal years 2018, 2017 and 2016.  TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS
The following table provides information regarding stock options, equity incentive awards and cash incentive awards granted during 2018 to the Named Executive Officers.  TABLE OF CONTENTS
The following table lists outstanding equity awards for each Named Executive Officer as of December 31, 2018.  TABLE OF CONTENTS
The following table shows stock option exercises and vesting of restricted stock awards by the NEOs during 2018, including the aggregate value of gains on the date of exercise and stock acquired on vesting and the value realized on vesting.  TABLE OF CONTENTS
The Company has entered into agreements with its NEOs pursuant to which each NEO may be entitled to specified compensation and benefits upon the termination of his employment. 
The agreements with each of Messrs. Barnhart, Gonzales, Deakin, Marold, Abbruzzi and McDaniel provide that, if an executive's employment is terminated by the Company without "cause," or by the executive for "good reason," and such termination of employment does not occur within 18 months of a "change in control" (except that the agreements with Mr. Marold and Mr. Abbruzzi do not include a "good reason" trigger; and the agreements with Messrs. Gonzales, Deakin and McDaniel do not include "good reason" triggers other than in the event of a change in control), the Company shall pay the executive a severance benefit equal to the sum of (i) an amount equal to the executive's annual base salary in effect immediately preceding the date of termination, and (ii) an amount equal to the average of the executive's annual bonuses for the three calendar years immediately preceding the date of termination (the "Severance Benefit"). For Mr. Deakin only, this Severance Benefit would also be triggered upon a change in control of the Thermal Acoustical Solutions business segment The Severance Benefit generally shall be paid in equal installments spread over the twelve-month period beginning on the date of termination, unless the executive is deemed to be a "specified employee," as that term is defined in Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (a "Specified Employee"), in which case different payment rules apply. In the event that the executive elects to continue coverage under the Company's health plan pursuant to COBRA, for a period of up to twelve months, the Company also shall pay the same percentage of the executive's premium for COBRA coverage for the executive and, if applicable, his or her spouse and dependent children, as the Company paid at the applicable time for coverage under such plan for actively employed members of senior management. In addition, for the period beginning on the date of the executive's termination of employment and ending on the earlier of (i) the date that is 12 months after the date of such termination of employment or (ii) the date on which the executive becomes eligible for life insurance benefits from another employer, the Company will continue to provide the life insurance benefits that the Company would have provided to the executive if the executive had continued in employment with the Company for such period, but only if the executive timely pays the portion of the premium for such coverage that members of senior management of the Company generally are required to pay for such coverage, if any. Finally, the executive is entitled to receive up to twelve months of outplacement services at a cost not to exceed $10,000. The Company's obligation to provide the foregoing severance benefits is subject to the executive's execution and delivery, without revocation, of a valid release of all claims against the Company. 
In the event that an executive's employment is terminated by the Company without "cause," or by the executive for "good reason" (except that the agreements with Mr. Marold and Mr. Abbruzzi do not include a "good reason" trigger), and such termination of employment occurs within 18 months of a "change in control" (collectively, a "Change In Control Trigger"), the Company shall pay the executive a severance benefit equal to two times the sum of (i) his/her annual rate of base salary in effect immediately preceding his/her termination of employment, and (ii) the average of his/her last three years highest annual bonuses earned under the Company's annual bonus plan for any of the five calendar years preceding his/her termination of employment (the "COC Severance Benefit"). The COC Severance Benefit shall be paid in a lump sum within thirty days after the date of termination, unless the executive is deemed to be a Specified Employee, in which case different payment rules apply. Upon the occurrence of such a Change In Control Trigger, the Company shall pay the executive a bonus for the year of termination in an amount equal to a specified portion of the executive's target bonus opportunity for the year of termination. In general, for a period of up to 24 months, the executive is entitled to remain covered by the medical, dental, executive life insurance and, if reasonably commercially available through nationally reputable insurance carriers, executive long-term disability plans that covered the executive immediately prior to the termination of his employment, as if he had remained in the employ of the Company. The executive is entitled to receive the outplacement services described above and the vesting of all unvested stock options and restricted stock awards shall be accelerated in full. Finally, the executive is entitled to an automobile allowance for a period of up to 24 months. The Company's obligation to provide the foregoing severance benefits is subject to the executive's execution and delivery, without revocation, of a valid release of all claims against the Company.  TABLE OF CONTENTS
Set forth below is a summary of the payments that would have been made to the each of the NEOs had the below-specified triggering events occurred on December 31, 2018.  TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS
As required by Section 953(b) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, and Item 402(u) of Regulation S-K, we are providing the following information about the relationship of the annual total compensation of our employees and the annual total compensation of our CEO, Mr. Barnhart. 
For 2018, we determined that the median annual total compensation of all of our employees, other than our CEO, was $47,017. As reported in the Summary Compensation Table, the 2018 annual total compensation for our CEO, Mr. Barnhart, was $2,151,977, resulting in a pay ratio of 46:1. 
There were no changes to our employee population or employee compensation arrangements during 2018 that we believe would significantly impact our pay ratio disclosure (after excluding, as permitted by SEC rules, the approximately 500 employees from our 2018 acquisition of Interface Performance Materials), and therefore we concluded that we could continue to use the median employee identified last year. 
This pay ratio is a reasonable estimate calculated in a manner consistent with SEC rules. The SEC rules for identifying the median compensated employee and calculating the pay ratio based on that employee's annual total compensation allow companies to adopt a variety of methodologies, to apply certain exclusions, and to make reasonable estimates and assumptions that reflect their compensation practices. As such, the pay ratio reported by other companies may not be comparable to the pay ratio reported above, as other companies may have different employment and compensation practices and may utilize different methodologies, exclusions, estimates and assumptions in calculating their own pay ratios.  TABLE OF CONTENTS
Board compensation for Directors during fiscal year 2018 is summarized in the table below: 
During 2018, all Non-Employee Directors were paid $1,500 for each meeting of the Board attended, as well as $1,500 for any standing committee meetings attended by committee members. Telephonic participation fees are $1,000 per meeting. 
Each Non-Employee Director earns an annual cash retainer of $35,000 (the same amount as during 2017); their annual cash retainers received during 2018 were pro-rated due to the revised payment schedule (and, in the case of Mr. Bills specifically given he joined the Board in April 2018). In addition, during 2018, the Chair of the Board received an annual cash retainer of $75,000 all of which was paid to Mr. Giles, who served as Chair for 2018. The Chair of the Audit Review Committee received an annual cash retainer of $15,000, while the chairs of the Compensation Committee and the Corporate Governance Committee each received annual cash retainers of $10,000. Additionally, each member of the Audit Review Committee, including the Chair, received a cash retainer of $10,000 for serving on said Committee (prorated for Mr. Bills). 
Twice annually, each Non-Employee Director automatically receives a stock award consisting of that number of whole shares of Common Stock of the Company obtained by dividing $30,000 by the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as of the date of grant, in each case rounded upward to the nearest number of whole shares. 
In December 2017, the Compensation Committee recommended to the Board that the timing of the grant of the annual stock award be modified from June 30 and December 31 to dates directly tied to the annual term of directorship. Specifically, the Compensation Committee recommended that, starting in 2018, the first installment grant date of the annual stock award be the day that is six (6) months from the Annual Meeting of Stockholders and the second installment grant date of the annual stock award be the day that is the earlier of (a) the day  TABLE OF CONTENTS
that is twelve (12) months from the Annual Meeting of Stockholders; and (b) the day that is immediately prior to the next Annual Meeting of Stockholders. The Board of Directors approved the recommendation of the Compensation Committee. 
Accordingly, each Non-Employee Director received 419 shares of Common Stock of the Company on June 22, 2018 for the period from January 1, 2018 through the date of the 2018 Annual Meeting to cover the initial "stub" period. On October 27, 2018, each Non-Employee Director received 985 shares of Common Stock of the Company. 
Following the review of and recommendations set out in Meridian's "2018 Director Compensation Analysis" and other independent knowledge of the Directors, the Directors discussed the current annual cash and equity retainer paid to the Non-Executive Directors and determined that, effective upon this Annual Meeting, the annual equity retainer payable to Non-Executive Directors shall be increased from $60,000 to $90,000 per year; thereby providing that each Non-Executive Director shall automatically receive twice annually a stock award consisting of that number of whole shares of Common Stock of the Company obtained by dividing $45,000 by the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as of the date of each grant, in each case rounded upward to the nearest number of whole shares. 
Mr. Barnhart, as the only Employee Director, does not receive any compensation for his Board activities. His compensation as an executive officer is disclosed in the Summary Compensation Table.  TABLE OF CONTENTS
The following table sets forth information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our Common Stock as of February 28, 2019 (except as otherwise noted) by: (a) each of our Non-Employee Directors (including any Director nominees); (b) each of our NEOs; (c) all of our current directors and executive officers as a group; and (d) each person, or group of affiliated persons, who is known by us to beneficially own more than 5% of our Common Stock. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC and includes voting or investment power with respect to our Common Stock. Shares of our Common Stock subject to options that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days after February 28, 2019 are considered outstanding and beneficially owned by the person holding the options for the purpose of calculating the percentage ownership of that person but not for the purpose of calculating the percentage ownership of any other person. Except as otherwise noted, the persons and entities in this table have sole voting and investing power with respect to all of the shares of our Common Stock beneficially owned by them, subject to community property laws, where applicable. Except as otherwise set forth below, the address of the beneficial owner is c/o Lydall, Inc., One Colonial Road, Manchester, CT 06042-2378.  TABLE OF CONTENTS
Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the Company's executive officers, Directors, persons who own more than 10% of a registered class of the Company's equity securities, and certain entities associated with the foregoing ("Reporting Persons") to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership on Forms 3, 4 and 5 ("Beneficial Ownership Reports") with the SEC and furnish copies of such reports to the Company. Based solely on the reports received by the Company and on written representations from reporting persons, except as noted below, the Company believes that the Directors, executive officers and greater than 10% beneficial owners all complied with the Section 16(a) filing requirements during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018. On November 21, 2018, Paul A. Marold filed a late Form 4 to report an open market purchase of shares of the Company's common stock on November 14, 2018. On December 21, 2018, James V. Laughlan filed an amended Form 4 to correct the number of shares subject to two equity awards granted to him by the Company on December 7, 2018.  TABLE OF CONTENTS
The Company's Bylaws set forth the procedures a stockholder must follow to nominate a person for election to the Board or to bring other business before a stockholder meeting. In accordance with the Company's Bylaws, a stockholder may nominate a person for election to the Board or propose other business to be considered by the stockholders at an Annual Meeting only if the stockholder is entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting and has complied with the notice procedures set forth in the Company's Bylaws and was a stockholder of record at the time such notice was delivered to the Secretary of the Company. Each of the procedures and requirements set forth below is mandated by the Company's Bylaws, except with respect to the section captioned "Stockholder Proposals for 2020 Annual Meeting" (the procedures and requirements for which are mandated by SEC regulations). 
For nominations or other business to be properly brought before an Annual Meeting, a stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary of the Company and such other business must otherwise be a proper matter for stockholder action. To be timely, a stockholder's notice must be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Company not less than sixty days nor more than ninety days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year's Annual Meeting; provided, however, that in the event the date the Annual Meeting is called for is a date that is not within thirty days before or after such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so delivered not later than the close of business on the tenth day following the day on which such notice of the date of the Annual Meeting was mailed or public announcement of the date of the Annual Meeting was made, whichever first occurs. 
The stockholder's notice of nomination of a director must provide the information stipulated in the Company's Bylaws, which includes, among other things, the following information with respect to each person whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election or reelection as a Director: (i) the name, age, business address and residence address of the person, (ii) the principal occupation and employment of the person, (iii) the class or series and number of shares of capital stock of the Company which are owned beneficially or of record by the person, and (iv) any other information relating to the person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filing required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for election of Directors pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
The stockholder's notice also must set forth as to the stockholder giving the notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination or proposal is made: (i) the name and address of such stockholder and of such beneficial owner, as they appear on the Company's books; (ii) the class and number of shares of the capital stock of the Company which are owned beneficially and of record by such stockholder and such beneficial owner, as to the stockholder giving the notice; (iii) a description of all arrangements or understandings between such stockholder and each proposed nominee and any other person or persons (including their names) pursuant to which the nomination(s) are to be made by such stockholder; (iv) a representation that such stockholder intends to appear in person or by proxy at the Annual Meeting to nominate the person named in its notice; (v) a representation whether the stockholder or the beneficial owner, if any, intends or is part of a group which intends to (A) deliver a proxy statement and/or form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the Company's outstanding capital stock required to elect the nominee and/or (B) otherwise solicit proxies from stockholders in support of such nomination; and (vi) any other information relating to such stockholder that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filing required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for election of Directors pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. The notice also must be accompanied by a written consent of each proposed nominee to being named as a nominee and to serving as a Director if elected. The Company may require any proposed nominee to furnish such other information as may be reasonably required to determine the eligibility of such proposed nominee to serve as a Director of the Company.  TABLE OF CONTENTS
If a stockholder wishes to bring matters other than proposals for Director nominations before an Annual Meeting, the stockholder's notice must set forth for each item of business that the stockholder proposes for consideration (i) a description of the business desired to be brought before the stockholder meeting; (ii) the text of the proposal or business (including the text of any resolutions proposed for consideration and in the event that such business includes a proposal to amend the Company's Bylaws, the language of the proposed amendment); (iii) the reasons for conducting such business at the stockholder meeting; (iv) any material interest in such business of such stockholder and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made; and (v) any other information relating to the stockholder, the beneficial owner, or proposed business that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filing in connection with solicitations of proxies relating to the proposed item of business pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. The stockholder's notice also shall set forth as to the stockholder giving the notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made certain additional information similar in nature and scope to the additional information required of a stockholder making a nomination for Director. The Company may require the stockholder to furnish such other information as may be reasonably required to determine whether each proposed item of business is a proper matter for stockholder action. 
Any stockholder proposal or nomination which does not comply with the procedures set forth in the Company's Bylaws (or other applicable law) will be disregarded, and the stockholder will not be permitted to nominate his or her candidate for election to the Board or bring any other business before the stockholder meeting. 
Bylaw provisions discussed above were included in the Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company, filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Company's Periodic Report on Form 8-K dated December 6, 2018 and may be obtained by writing to the Company at Lydall, Inc., P.O. Box 151, Manchester, CT 06045-0151, Attention: Secretary. 
Consistent with SEC regulations, proposals of stockholders of the Company that are intended to be presented at the Annual Meeting to be held in 2020, and which stockholders desire to have included in the Company's proxy materials relating to such Annual Meeting, must be received by the Company no later than November 14, 2019, which is 120 calendar days prior to the first anniversary of the mailing date for this year's proxy statement, and must be in compliance with applicable laws and regulations in order to be considered for possible inclusion in the proxy statement for that Annual Meeting. 
You are cordially invited to attend the Annual Meeting; however, to ensure that your shares are represented at the Annual Meeting, please submit your proxy or voting instructions as described in response to "How Do I Vote Before the Annual Meeting?". Submitting a proxy or voting instructions will not prevent you from attending the Annual Meeting and voting in person, if you so desire, but will help the Company secure a quorum and reduce the expense of additional proxy solicitation.  TABLE OF CONTENTS
TABLE OF CONTENTS
