 
 UNITED STATES          SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION          Washington, D.C. 20549                    SCHEDULE 14A                    Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the          Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 Microwave Filter Company, Inc.          (Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)                    (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement if other than the         Registrant)        
Microwave Filter     Company, Inc.
6743 Kinne Street
East Syracuse, New York     13057
Notice of Annual Meeting     of Shareholders
To     the Shareholders of Microwave Filter Company, Inc.:
     At the direction of the Board of Directors of Microwave Filter Company, Inc., a     New York corporation (the 'Company'), notice is hereby given that the Annual     meeting of Shareholders of the Company (the 'Meeting') will be held at 10:00     a.m. on Wednesday, February 6, 2019 at the Ramada Carrier Circle, 6555 Old     Collamer Road, East Syracuse, New York 13057 for the following purposes:
     Proposal 1. The election of 3 directors to hold office until the Annual Meeting     of the Shareholders at which their term expires or until their successors     have been duly elected;
     Proposal 2. The ratification of the appointment of Dannible & McKee LLP, Certified     Public Accountants, as the Company's independent registered public accounting     firm for the 2019 fiscal year.  
     No other business may be transacted at the meeting. 
     The Board of Directors has fixed the close of business on December 6, 2018 as     the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to notice of and     to vote at the Meeting, or any adjournments thereof. 
YOUR     VOTE IS IMPORTANT. YOU ARE THEREFORE REQUESTED TO SIGN AND RETURN THE ENCLOSED     PROXY AS PROMPTLY AS POSSIBLE, EVEN IF YOU EXPECT TO BE PRESENT AT THE     MEETING. YOU MAY WITHDRAW YOUR PROXY AT ANY TIME PRIOR TO THE MEETING, OR IF     YOU DO ATTEND THE MEETING, YOU MAY WITHDRAW YOUR PROXY AT THAT TIME AND VOTE IN     PERSON IF YOU WISH.
MICROWAVE FILTER COMPANY,     INC.
Proxy Statement for     Annual Meeting of Shareholders
General
     The enclosed Proxy is solicited on behalf of the Board of Directors of Microwave     Filter Company, Inc. (the 'Company') for use at the Company's Annual Meeting of     Shareholders (the 'Annual Meeting') to be held on Wednesday, February 6, 2019     at 10:00 a.m. local time or at any adjournment or postponement thereof, for the     purposes set forth herein and in the accompanying Notice of Annual Meeting of     Shareholders. The Annual Meeting will be held at the Ramada Carrier Circle, 6555     Old Collamar Road, East Syracuse, New York 13057.
     The Company's principal executive offices are located at 6743 Kinne Street, East     Syracuse, New York 13057. The telephone number at that address is (315) 438-4700.
     These proxy solicitation materials and the Annual Report to Shareholders were     first mailed on or about December 10, 2018 to all shareholders entitled to vote     at the Annual Meeting.
Record     Date and Shares Outstanding
     Shareholders of record at the close of business on December 10, 2018 are entitled     to notice of, and to vote at, the Annual Meeting. At the record date 2,579,680     shares of the Company's common stock were issued, outstanding and entitled to     vote at the Annual Meeting.
Availability     of Proxy Materials
     Our Annual Report to Shareholders and this Proxy Statement are available on the     Company's website at www.microwavefilter.com.
Revocability     of Proxies
     Any proxy given pursuant to this solicitation may be revoked by the person giving     it at any time before its use by delivering to the Secretary of the Company a     written notice of revocation or a duly executed proxy bearing a later date or     by attending the Annual Meeting and voting in person.
Voting and Solicitation
     Every shareholder voting for the election for Directors is entitled to one vote     for each share held of record on the record date. Directors are elected by a     plurality of the votes cast at the meeting.
     A quorum at the Annual Meeting shall consist of one-third (1/3) of the outstanding     shares entitled to vote, represented either in person or proxy. Abstentions are     counted as present for the purpose of determining the presence or absence     of a quorum for the transaction of business. Votes against a candidate and     votes withheld from voting for a candidate will have no effect on the election     of directors.
     If a stockholder is the beneficial owner of shares held in "street     name" by a bank or brokerage firm, such bank or brokerage firm, as the     record holder of the shares, is required to vote those shares in accordance     with such stockholder's instructions. If the stockholder does not give     instructions to such bank or brokerage firm, it will nevertheless be entitled     to vote the shares with respect to certain "discretionary" items, but     will not be permitted to vote such stockholder's shares with respect to     "non- discretionary" items. In the case of non-discretionary items,     the shares will be treated as "broker non-votes."
     Shares treated as broker non-votes will be included for purposes of calculating     the presence of a quorum. Otherwise, shares represented by broker non-votes     will be treated as shares not entitled to vote on a proposal. Broker non-votes     will not be counted as votes cast 'for' or votes 'withheld' for the election of     directors.
     The proposal to ratify the appointment of Dannible & McKee, LLP as the Company's     independent auditor for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019 as well as     any other matter properly submitted to shareholders for their consideration at     the Annual Meeting, will be approved if a majority of the votes cast at the     Annual meeting are voted 'FOR' those proposals.
The cost of this solicitation will be     borne by the Company. The Company has retained Regan & Associates, Inc. to     assist in the solicitation of proxies at a fee of $7,000 (which includes     expenses.) In addition, the Company may reimburse brokerage firms and other     persons representing beneficial owners of shares for their expenses in     forwarding solicitation material to such beneficial owners. Proxies also may be     solicited by certain of the Company's directors, officers and regular     employees, without additional compensation, personally or by telephone or by     telegram.
Deadline     for Receipt of Shareholder Proposals
     Proposals of shareholders which are intended to be presented by such shareholders     at the Company's 2020 Annual Meeting must be received by the Secretary of the     Company at the Company's principal executive offices no later than September 30,     2019 in order to be included in the proxy soliciting material relating to that     meeting. Such proposals should be sent by certified mail, return receipt     requested.
Shareholder     Communications with Directors
     Shareholders who want to communicate with the Board or an individual director     can write to: Richard Jones, Corporate Secretary, Microwave Filter Company,     Inc., 6743 Kinne Street, East Syracuse, New York 13057. Your letter should     indicate that you are a shareholder of Microwave Filter Company, Inc. Depending     on the subject matter, management will:
     Forward the communication to the director or directors to whom it is addressed;     or
     Attempt to handle the inquiry directly, for example, requests for information     or stock-related matters.
Corporate     Governance
     Our executive officers, management and employees conduct our business under the     direction of the Chief Executive Officer and with the independent oversight of     our Board. Our Board is composed of directors who are not employed by us, with     the exception of Mr. Mears. A non- executive director serves as Chairman of the     Board. We believe that having a non-executive Chairman of the Board emphasizes     the importance of the Board's objectivity and independence from management and     best promotes the effective functioning of the Board's oversight role. At     regularly scheduled Board meetings, our non-employee directors meet in     executive session without management present. Our Board also ensures that we     have an effective management team in place to run the Company and serves to     protect and advance the long-term interests of our shareholders.
     Oversight of risk management is a responsibility of the Board of Directors and     is an integral part of the Board's oversight of our business. The Company's     senior management is primarily responsible for managing the day-to- day risks     of the Company's business, and is best equipped to assess and manage those     risks. The Board regularly receives reports on the Company's exposure to risk     from senior management and reassesses the management of those risks throughout     the year.
Board     Meetings and Committees
     The Board of Directors held a total of five meetings during the fiscal year ending     September 30, 2018. Each Director attended at least 75% of all such meetings of     the Board of Directors and of the committees of the Board on which they served     during fiscal 2018.
     The Company's Audit Committee currently consists of Sidney Chong, Chair, Carl     Fahrenkrug, Sr., Robert D. Shiroki, Frank S. Markovich, John Kennedy and Robert     R. Andrews. All members of the Audit Committee are independent of management     (as independence is defined in the Nasdaq listing standards). The purpose of     the Audit Committee is to assist the Board of Directors' oversight of the     Company's accounting and financial reporting processes and the audits of the     Company's financial statements. The Audit Committee operates pursuant to a     Charter approved by the Company's Board of Directors. The Audit Committee held four     meetings during fiscal year 2018. The Audit Committee's charter is available on     our website at www.microwavefilter.com.
     The Company's Compensation Committee currently consists of John Kennedy, Chair,     Robert Andrews, Sidney Chong, Robert Shiroki, Anne Tindall and Carl Fahrenkrug,     Sr. The Compensation Committee reviews compensation and benefits for the     Company's executives. The Compensation Committee held one meeting during     fiscal year 2018.
     The Company's Nominating Committee currently consists of Anne Tindall, Chair, Robert     Andrews, Carl F. Fahrenkrug, Sr, John Kennedy, Frank S. Markovich and Irene     Scruton. All members of the Nominating Committee are independent of management     ( as independence is defined in the Nasdaq listing standards). The Nominating Committee     operates pursuant to a Charter approved by the Company's Board of Directors.     The Nominating Committee held one meeting during fiscal year 2018.
     When considering a potential candidate for membership on our Board, the Nominating     Committee considers relevant business and industry experience and demonstrated     character and judgement. There are no differences in the manner in which the     Nominating Committee evaluates a candidate that is recommended for nomination     for membership on our Board by a shareholder.
     The Nominating Committee will consider shareholder nominations for directors in     writing to our corporate secretary prior to the meeting. To be timely, the notice     must be delivered within the time period permitted for submission of a stockholder     proposal as described under 'Shareholder Proposals.' Such notice must be     accompanied by the nominee's written consent, contain information relating to     the business experience and background of the nominee and contain information     with respect to the nominating shareholder and persons acting in concert with     the nominating shareholder.
     The Nominating Committee is responsible for recommending to our full Board of     Directors nominees for election of directors. To fulfill this role, the committee     interviews, evaluates and recommends individuals for membership on our Board     and committees thereof.
     Each of the Company's directors is encouraged to attend the annual meeting of     shareholders in person. Last year all nine directors attended the annual     shareholders meeting.
     The Company also has a standing Executive Committee.
Compensation     of Directors
     Non-officer Directors currently receive fees of $250.00 per board meeting and $250.00     per committee meeting. MFC also reimburses Directors for reasonable expenses     incurred in attending meetings. The Chairman of the Board currently receives     fees of $400.00 per board meeting and $400.00 per committee meeting. Officer     members receive no compensation for their attendance at meetings.
     The following table summarizes the compensation paid to non-employee Directors     for their service to the Board and its committees in fiscal 2018.
Security     Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
     The following table sets forth certain information regarding beneficial ownership     of the Company's common stock as of December 6, 2018 (i) by each person who is     known by the Company to own beneficially more than 5% of the Company's common     stock, (ii) each Director of the Company and (iii) all Directors and Executive     Officers as a group.
*Directors     of the Company.
**Denotes     less than one percent of class.
(1)     This information is based on a Schedule 13D filed with the SEC by Zeff Capital,     LP, 1601 Broadway, 12th Floor, New York, NY 10019, on June 11, 2018.     Zeff Capital, LP reported sole voting power and sole dispositive power to all     such shares and shared voting power with respect to none of the shares.
(2)     This information is based on a Schedule 13D filed with the SEC by Gerst Capital,     LLC, 4962 El Camino Real, Suite 206, Los Altos, CA 94022, on January 30, 2018. Gerst     Capital, LLC reported shared voting power and shared dispositive power to all     such shares. 
Compensation     Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation
     No member of the Compensation Committee was or is an officer or employee of the     Company or any of its subsidiaries.
Compliance     with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act
     Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires the Company's executive     officers and directors and persons who own more than 10% of a registered class     of the Company's equity securities, to file reports of ownership and changes of     ownership with the Securities and Exchange Commission and the National     Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. Such officers, directors and 10%     shareholders are also required by SEC Rules to furnish the Company with copies     of all Section 16(a) forms that they file. Based solely on its review of such     reports received by it, the Company believes that its officers, directors and     10% shareholders complied with all Section 16(a) filing requirements for the     fiscal year ended September 30, 2018.
IDENTIFICATION OF EXECUTIVE     OFFICERS
            All of the officers serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors.            Paul W. Mears began his association with MFC as a Co-op while attending RIT in     1981.  He became a full time employee in 1984 when he began his duties as     an Electrical Engineer in Research and Development.  In 1988 he became a     Senior Design and Quotation Engineer and in 1989, he was promoted to Assistant     Chief Engineer, Manager of Engineering of the Filter Division and in April of     1998, was appointed Vice President of Engineering. On December 9, 2015, he was     appointed Chief Executive Officer.      Mr. Mears has a Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering Technology form     RIT.
Richard     L. Jones joined MFC in August 1983 as controller.  In February 1985, he     was appointed Vice President and Treasurer of MFC.  On October 7, 1992, he     was appointed Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Jones has a     Bachelor of Science in Accounting from Syracuse University.             Carl F. Fahrenkrug, Jr joined MFC in 1989 as an engineering intern.  In     1992, he became a full time employee when he began his duties as an electrical     engineer.  On April 8, 2009, he was appointed Vice President. On December     9, 2015, he was appointed Executive Vice president. Mr. Fahrenkrug has a     Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering from Clarkson University, a     Master of Science in Electrical Engineering from SUNY Binghamton and a Master     of Business Administration from LeMoyne College.            
The     Company has adopted a Code of Ethics and Business Conduct for all of our     employees and directors, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief     Financial Officer.  A copy of our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct is     available free of charge on our Company web site at www.microwavefilter.com.
EXECUTIVE     COMPENSATION AND OTHER MATTERS
Executive     Compensation
     The Company's guiding compensation philosophy is to provide compensation that     rewards individual and organizational performance. The Company aims to make     executive compensation sensitive to Company performance, which is defined in     terms of revenue growth and profitability. Compensation must also be competitive,     thereby enabling the Company to attract, retain and motivate highly-qualified     individuals who contribute to the Company's success.
     The following table provides information relating to compensation for fiscal     2018 and 2017 for the Company's Chief Executive Officer, Executive Vice     President and Chief Financial Officer for services to the Company. 
(1)     All other compensation consists of contributions by the Company to the     Company's 401(K) Salary Savings Plan.
     Mr. Mears, Mr. Fahrenkrug and Mr. Jones currently receive one week of paid     vacation each calendar year and participation in all benefits, plans and     programs available to all employees. 
Option     Grants and Exercises
     There were no options granted or exercised by the executive officers listed in     the executive compensation table above during the last fiscal year.
PROPOSAL ONE
ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
Nominees
     Three Directors are to be elected at the Annual Meeting. Unless otherwise instructed,     the proxy holders will vote the proxies received by them for the three nominees     named below, all of whom are presently Directors of the Company. In the event     that any nominee is unable or declines to serve as a Director at the time of     the Annual Meeting, the proxies will be voted for any nominee who shall be     designated by the present Board of Directors to fill the vacancy. A term of     office of three years for each person elected as a Director will continue to     the Annual Meeting of Shareholders at which their term expires or until his or     her successor has been elected and qualified. It is not expected that any     nominee will be unable or will decline to serve as a Director.
     The name of and certain information regarding each nominee are set forth below.
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS     RECOMMENDS A VOTE 'FOR'
THE ELECTION OF EACH OF     THE NOMINEES
MEMBERS     OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS CONTINUING IN OFFICE
Directors     Whose Terms Expire in 2020
Directors     Whose Terms Expire in 2021
Other     Interests and Transactions
 Except as     set forth in this Proxy Statement: (i) no participant in this solicitation is,     or was within the past year, a party to any contract, arrangements or     understandings with any person with respect to any securities of the     registrant, including, but not limited to, joint ventures, loan or option     arrangements, puts or calls, guarantees against loss or guarantees of profit,     division of losses or profits, or the giving or withholding of proxies; (ii) no     associate of any participant in this solicitation owns beneficially, directly     or indirectly, any securities of the registrant; (iii) no participant in this     solicitation owns beneficially, directly or indirectly, any securities of any     parent or subsidiary of the registrant; (iv) no participant in this     solicitation or any of his or its associates was a party to any transaction, or     series of similar transactions, since the beginning of the registrant's last     fiscal year, or is a party to any currently proposed transaction, or series of     similar transactions, to which the registrant or any of its subsidiaries was or     is to be a party, in which the amount involved exceeds $120,000; (v) no     participant in this solicitation or any of his or its associates has any     arrangement or understanding with any person with respect to any future     employment by the registrant or its affiliates, or with respect to any future     transactions to which the registrant or any of its affiliates will or may be a     party.
PROPOSAL TWO
 RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS
     The Board of Directors has approved the selection of Dannible & McKee, LLP     to audit our financial statements for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019,     and seeks shareholder ratification of such appointment. 
     The Company's By-laws do not require that shareholders ratify the selection of Dannible     & McKee, LLP as the Company's independent register public accounting firm.     The Board, however, is submitting the selection of Dannible & McKee, LLP to     shareholders for ratification as a matter of good corporate practice. If     shareholders do not ratify the selection, the Audit Committee will reconsider     whether to retain Dannible & McKee, LLP. Even if the selection is ratified,     the Board and the Audit Committee at their discretion may change the     appointment at any time during the year if they determine that such a change     would be in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders.
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS     RECOMMENDS A VOTE 'FOR' THE RATIFICATION OF THE APPOINTMENT OF THE INDEPENDENT     REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
REPORT     OF AUDIT COMMITTEE OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
     The Audit Committee operates pursuant to a Charter approved by the Company's Board     of Directors. The Audit Committee reports to the Board of Directors and is     responsible for overseeing financial accounting and reporting, the system of     internal controls established by management and the audit process of the Company.     The Audit Committee Charter sets out the responsibilities, authority and     specific duties of the Audit Committee. The Charter specifies, among other things,     the structure and membership requirements of the Committee, as well as the     relationship of the Audit Committee to the independent accountants and management     of the Company.
     The Audit Committee consists of six members, all of whom have been determined     by the Board of Directors to be 'independent' under the NASDAQ listing     standards as previously in effect and as amended. The Committee members do not     have any relationship to the Company that may interfere with the exercise of     their independence from management and the Company. The Board of Directors of     Microwave Filter Company, Inc. has determined that Mr. Chong and Mr. Shiroki,     both members of the Audit Committee, are 'audit committee financial experts' as     defined by the SEC's regulations. None of the Committee members are current     officers or employees of the Company or its affiliates.
Audit     Committee Report
     The Audit Committee of the Company's Board of Directors has issued the following     report with respect to the audited financial statements of the Company for the     fiscal year ended September 30, 2018:
     . The Audit Committee has reviewed and discussed with the Company's management     and the independent auditor (Dannible & McKee, LLP) the Company's fiscal     2018 audited financial statements;
     . The Audit Committee has discussed with the Company's independent auditor (Dannible     & McKee, LLP) the matters required to be discussed by Statement on Auditing     Standards No. 61, as amended (AICPA, Professional Standards, Vol.. 1. AU     section 380) as adopted by the Public Company accounting Board in Rule 3200T ;
     . The Audit Committee has received the written disclosures and letter from the     independent auditor required by applicable requirements of the Public Company     Accounting Oversight Board regarding the auditor's communications with the audit     committee concerning independence, and has discussed with the auditor their     independence from the Company; and
     Based on the review and discussions referred to in the three items above, the     Audit Committee recommended to the Board of Directors that the audited financial     statements be included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the     fiscal year ended September 30, 2018.
Submitted     by the Audit Committee of the Company's Board of Directors:
Sidney     K. Chong, Robert R. Andrews, Frank S. Markovich, Robert D. Shiroki, Carl     Fahrenkrug, Sr., John Kennedy
FEES     PAID TO INDEPENDENT AUDITORS
     Set forth below are the aggregate fees billed for professional services rendered     to the Company by its independent auditors for fiscal 2018.
Other Matters
     The Company knows of no other matters to be submitted at the meeting. If any     other matters properly come before the meeting, it is the intention of the persons     named in the enclosed proxy to vote the shares they represent as the Board of     Directors may recommend.
THE     BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Dated:     December 10, 2018
PROXY
This proxy is Solicited by The Board of Directors of Microwave Filter Company, Inc.
Proxy for 2019 Annual Meeting of Shareholders
The undersigned hereby appoints Robert     R. Andrews and Paul W. Mears proxies of the undersigned, with full power of     substitution, to vote shares of common stock of the Company which the undersigned is entitled to vote at the 2019 Annual Meeting of the Shareholders to be held on     Wednesday, February 6, 2019 at 10:00 a.m. and any adjournments thereof as   follows:
(1) ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
 Instructions: To vote for all nominees,     place an X in box number 1. To withhold     authority to vote for any individual nominee, place an X in box number 2, and   draw a line through his/her name in the list below.
 1. [ ] For All Nominees
 2. [ ] For All Nominees Except Those With A   Line Through Their Name
Robert R Andrews Sidney K. Chong Paul M Mears 
The Board of Directors     recommends a vote FOR all nominees.
(2) Proposal to ratify the appointment of Dannible & McKee, LLP as the Company's independent auditors for the fiscal year   ending September 30, 2019.
FOR [ ] AGAINST [ ] ABSTAIN [ ]
The Board of Directors     recommends a vote FOR this proposal.
In their discretion, the proxies are     authorized to vote upon other matters properly coming before the meeting or any     adjournments thereof. This proxy will be voted as directed by the     undersigned. IF NO DIRECTION IS GIVEN,     THIS PROXY WILL BE VOTED FOR PROPOSAL (1) and (2).
NOTE: Please date and sign exactly as your name or names appear below and     return in the enclosed postage paid envelope. When signing as an Attorney,     Executor, Trustee, Guardian or Officer of a Corporation, please give title as     such.
IMPORTANT: To assist the Company in planning the Annual     Meeting please check the following:
I plan to attend the Annual Meeting _____ I do not plan to attend the Annual   Meeting _____