 
UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
SCHEDULE 14A
Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of  
InspireMD, Inc.
4 Menorat Hamaor St.
Tel Aviv, Israel 6744832
Telephone: (888) 776-6804
February 19, 2019
Dear Stockholder:
You are cordially invited to attend the annual meeting of stockholders of InspireMD, Inc. to be held at 11:30 a.m., New York time, on March 21, 2019, at the offices of Haynes and Boone, LLP, located at 30 Rockefeller Plaza, 26th Floor, New York, New York 10112.
Please note that in order to gain admission to the site of our annual meeting, all attendees will need to present a photo identification card and have their name previously provided to building security. As such, in order to facilitate your attendance at the annual meeting, we strongly encourage you to advise Craig Shore by email at craigs@inspiremd.com or phone at + 972-3-6917691 if you plan to attend the meeting prior to 5:00 p.m., New York time, on March 20, 2019, so that we can timely provide your name to building security. In the event that you do not advise us ahead of time that you will be attending the annual meeting, we encourage you to arrive at the meeting no later than 11:00 a.m., New York time, in order to ensure that you are able to pass through security prior to the start of the meeting.
Your vote is very important, regardless of the number of shares of our voting securities that you own. I encourage you to vote by telephone, over the Internet, or by marking, signing, dating and returning your proxy card so that your shares will be represented and voted at the annual meeting, whether or not you plan to attend. If you attend the annual meeting, you will, of course, have the right to revoke the proxy and vote your shares in person.
If your shares are held in the name of a broker, trust, bank or other intermediary, and you receive notice of the annual meeting through your broker or through another intermediary, please vote or return the materials in accordance with the instructions provided to you by such broker or other intermediary or contact your broker directly in order to obtain a proxy issued to you by your intermediary holder to attend the meeting and vote in person. Failure to do so may result in your shares not being eligible to be voted by proxy at the meeting.
On behalf of the board of directors, I urge you to submit your proxy as soon as possible, even if you currently plan to attend the meeting in person.
Thank you for your support of our company. I look forward to seeing you at the annual meeting.
InspireMD, Inc.
4 Menorat Hamaor St.
Tel Aviv, Israel 6744832
Telephone: (888) 776-6804
NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
To Be Held March 21, 2019
The 2019 Annual Meeting of Stockholders of InspireMD, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), will be held at 11:30 a.m., New York time, on March 21, 2019, at the offices of Haynes and Boone, LLP, located at 30 Rockefeller Plaza, 26th Floor, New York, New York 10112. We will consider and act on the following items of business at the Annual Meeting:
[BEGIN TABLE]
  (2) Approval                                           of the Fifth Amendment to the InspireMD, Inc. 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan to increase                                           the number of shares of common stock of the Company available for issuance pursuant to                                           awards under such plan by 25,000,000 shares, to a total of 33,919,737 shares of common                                           stock (the "Incentive Plan Proposal") and to reflect certain changes to the                                           U.S. Internal Revenue Code upon the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017. 
[END TABLE]
Stockholders are referred to the Proxy Statement accompanying this notice for more detailed information with respect to the matters to be considered at the Annual Meeting. After careful consideration, the board of directors recommends a vote FOR the election of the nominees for director named above (Proposal 1); FOR the Incentive Plan Proposal (Proposal 2); FOR the Reverse Stock Split Proposal (Proposal 3); FOR the approval of the amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company to increase the number of authorized shares, if and only if the Reverse Stock Split Proposal is not approved (Proposal 4); and FOR the ratification of the appointment of Kesselman & Kesselman, Certified Public Accountants, a member of PricewaterhouseCoopers International Limited, as our independent registered public accounting firm for the year ending December 31, 2019 (Proposal 5).
The board of directors has fixed the close of business on February 15, 2019, as the record date (the "Record Date"). Only holders of record of shares of our common stock are entitled to receive notice of the Annual Meeting and to vote at the Annual Meeting or at any postponement(s) or adjournment(s) of the Annual Meeting. A complete list of registered stockholders entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting will be available for inspection at the office of the Company during regular business hours for the 10 calendar days prior to and during the Annual Meeting.
Please note that in order to gain admission to the site of our annual meeting, all attendees will need to present a photo identification card and have their name previously provided to building security. As such, in order to facilitate your attendance at the annual meeting, we strongly encourage you to advise Craig Shore by email at craigs@inspiremd.com or phone at + 972-3-6917691 if you plan to attend the meeting prior to 5:00 p.m., New York time, on March 20, 2019, so that we can timely provide your name to building security. In the event that you do not advise us ahead of time that you will be attending the annual meeting, we encourage you to arrive at the meeting no later than 11:00 a.m., New York time, in order to ensure that you are able to pass through security prior to the start of the meeting.
YOUR VOTE AND PARTICIPATION IN THE COMPANY'S AFFAIRS ARE IMPORTANT. 
If your shares are registered in your name, even if you plan to attend the Annual Meeting or any postponement or adjournment of the Annual Meeting in person, we request that you vote by telephone, over the Internet, complete, sign and mail your proxy card to ensure that your shares will be represented at the Annual Meeting.
If your shares are held in the name of a broker, trust, bank or other intermediary, and you receive notice of the Annual Meeting through your broker or through another intermediary, please vote or complete and return the materials in accordance with the instructions provided to you by such broker or other intermediary or contact your broker directly in order to obtain a proxy issued to you by your intermediary holder to attend the Annual Meeting and vote in person. Failure to do so may result in your shares not being eligible to be voted by proxy at the Annual Meeting.
Table of Contents
[BEGIN TABLE]
ANNEX                                           A – PROPOSED FIFTH AMENDMENT TO THE INSPIREMD, INC. 2013 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN   54 
ANNEX                                           A – PROPOSED FIFTH AMENDMENT TO THE INSPIREMD, INC. 2013 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN   54 
ANNEX                                           A – PROPOSED FIFTH AMENDMENT TO THE INSPIREMD, INC. 2013 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN   54 
[END TABLE]
InspireMD, Inc.
4 Menorat Hamaor St.
Tel Aviv, Israel 6744832
Telephone: (888) 776-6804
PROXY STATEMENT
FOR
ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
To Be Held March 21, 2019
Unless the context otherwise requires, references in this Proxy Statement to "we," "us," "our," the "Company," or "InspireMD" refer to InspireMD, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its direct and indirect subsidiaries. In addition, unless the context otherwise requires, references to "stockholders" are to the holders of our voting securities, which consist of our common stock, par value $0.0001 per share.
The accompanying proxy is solicited by the board of directors on behalf of InspireMD, Inc., a Delaware corporation, to be voted at the annual meeting of stockholders of the Company (the "Annual Meeting") to be held on March 21, 2019, at the time and place and for the purposes set forth in the accompanying Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the "Notice") and at any adjournment(s) or postponement(s) of the Annual Meeting. This Proxy Statement and accompanying form of proxy are expected to be first sent or given to stockholders on or about February 22, 2019.
The executive office of the Company is located at, and the mailing address of the Company is, 4 Menorat Hamaor St., Tel Aviv, Israel 6744832.
IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY
MATERIALS FORTHE STOCKHOLDER MEETING TO BE HELD ON MARCH 21, 2019:
Our official Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders, Proxy Statement, Proxy Card and 
2018 Annual Report to Stockholders are available at:
www.proxyvote.com
ABOUT THE ANNUAL MEETING
What is a proxy?
A proxy is another person that you legally designate to vote your stock. If you designate someone as your proxy in a written document, that document is also called a "proxy" or a "proxy card." If you are a street name holder, you must obtain a proxy from your broker or intermediary in order to vote your shares in person at the Annual Meeting.
What is a proxy statement?
A proxy statement is a document that regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") require that we give to you when we ask you to sign a proxy card to vote your stock at the Annual Meeting.
What is the purpose of the Annual Meeting?
At our Annual Meeting, stockholders will act upon the matters outlined in the Notice, including the following:
What is "householding" and how does it affect me?
With respect to eligible stockholders who share a single address, we may send only one Proxy Statement to that address unless we receive instructions to the contrary from any stockholder at that address. This practice, known as "householding," is designed to reduce our printing and postage costs. However, if a stockholder of record residing at such address wishes to receive a separate notice or proxy statement in the future, he or she may contact InspireMD, Inc., 4 Menorat Hamaor St., Tel Aviv, Israel 6744832, Attn: Investor Relations or call + 972-3-6917691 and ask for Investor Relations. Eligible stockholders of record receiving multiple copies of our Notice or Proxy Statement can request householding by contacting us in the same manner. Stockholders who own shares through a bank, broker or other intermediary can request householding by contacting the intermediary.
We hereby undertake to deliver promptly, upon written or oral request, a copy of the Notice or Proxy Statement to a stockholder at a shared address to which a single copy of the document was delivered. Requests should be directed to Investor Relations at the address or phone number set forth above.
What should I do if I receive more than one set of voting materials?
You may receive more than one set of voting materials, including multiple copies of the Notice or this Proxy Statement and multiple proxy cards or voting instruction cards. For example, if you hold your shares in more than one brokerage account, you may receive a separate notice or voting instruction card for each brokerage account in which you hold shares. Similarly, if you are a stockholder of record and hold shares in a brokerage account, you will receive a Notice for shares held in your name and a notice or voting instruction card for shares held in street name. Please follow the directions provided in the Notice and each additional notice or voting instruction card you receive to ensure that all your shares are voted.
What is the record date and what does it mean?
The record date to determine the stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at the Annual Meeting is the close of business on February 15, 2019 (the "Record Date"). The Record Date is established by the board of directors as required by Delaware law. On the Record Date, 41,888,895 shares of common stock were issued and outstanding.
Who is entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting?
Holders of common stock at the close of business on the Record Date may vote at the Annual Meeting.
What are the voting rights of the stockholders?
On each matter to be voted upon at the Annual Meeting, you have one vote for each share of common stock you own as of the Record Date.
What is the quorum requirement?
The presence, in person or by proxy, of the holders of a majority of the shares of the stock entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting is necessary to constitute a quorum to transact business. If a quorum is not present or represented at the Annual Meeting, the stockholders entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting, present in person or by proxy, may adjourn the Annual Meeting from time to time without notice or other announcement until a quorum is present or represented.
What is the difference between a stockholder of record and a "street name" holder?
If your shares are registered directly in your name with Action Stock Transfer Corporation, our stock transfer agent, you are considered the stockholder of record with respect to those shares. The Notice has been sent directly to you by us.
If your shares are held in a stock brokerage account or by a bank or other intermediary, the intermediary is considered the record holder of those shares. You are considered the beneficial owner of those shares, and your shares are held in "street name." A notice or Proxy Statement and voting instruction card have been forwarded to you by your intermediary. As the beneficial owner, you have the right to direct your intermediary concerning how to vote your shares by using the voting instructions they included in the mailing or by following their instructions for voting.
What is a broker non-vote?
A broker non-vote occurs when a broker holding shares for a beneficial owner does not vote on a particular proposal because the broker does not have discretionary voting power with respect to that item and has not received voting instructions from the beneficial owner. Your broker does not have discretionary authority to vote your shares with respect to the election of directors (Proposal 1) or the Incentive Plan Proposal (Proposal 2) in the absence of specific instructions from you.
With respect to the Reverse Stock Split Proposal (Proposal 3), the proposal to approve the amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of common stock, if and only if the Reverse Stock Split Proposal is not approved (Proposal 4) and the proposal to ratify the appointment of the independent registered public accounting firm (Proposal 5), your broker will have the discretion to vote your shares and, therefore, will be able to vote your shares with respect to such proposal even if you do not provide your broker with instructions on that proposal.
How do I vote my shares?
Your vote is very important to us and we hope that you will attend the Annual Meeting. However, whether or not you plan to attend the Annual Meeting, please vote by proxy in accordance with the instructions on your proxy card or voting instruction card (from your broker or other intermediary). There are three convenient ways of submitting your vote:
The board of directors has appointed Craig Shore, chief financial officer, chief administrative officer, treasurer and secretary, and James Barry, Ph.D., president, chief executive officer and director, to serve as the proxies for the Annual Meeting.
If you complete all of the proxy card except one or more of the voting instructions, then the designated proxies will vote your shares as to which you provide no voting instructions in the manner described under "What if I do not specify how I want my shares voted?" below. We do not anticipate that any other matters will come before the Annual Meeting, but if any other matters properly come before the meeting, then the designated proxies will vote your shares in accordance with applicable law and their judgment.
If you hold your shares in "street name," and complete the voting instruction card provided by your broker or other intermediary except with respect to one or more of the voting instructions, then your broker may be unable to vote your shares with respect to the proposal as to which you provide no voting instructions. See "What is a broker non-vote?" above.
Even if you currently plan to attend the Annual Meeting, we recommend that you vote by telephone or Internet or return your proxy card or voting instructions as described above so that your votes will be counted if you later decide not to attend the Annual Meeting or are unable to attend.
Who counts the votes?
All votes will be tabulated by James Barry, Ph.D., the inspector of election appointed for the Annual Meeting. Each proposal will be tabulated separately.
What are my choices when voting?
In the election of directors (Proposal 1), stockholders may vote for all director nominees or may withhold their votes as to one or both director nominees. With respect to the Incentive Plan Proposal (Proposal 2), the Reverse Stock Split Proposal (Proposal 3), the proposal to approve the amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of common stock, if and only if the Reverse Stock Split Proposal is not approved (Proposal 4) and the ratification of the independent registered public accounting firm (Proposal 5), stockholders may vote for the proposal, against the proposal, or abstain from voting on the proposal.
What are the board of directors' recommendations on how I should vote my shares?
The board of directors recommends that you vote your shares as follows:
Proposal 1—FOR the election of the nominees for director.
Proposal 2—FOR the Incentive Plan Proposal.
Proposal 3—FOR the Reverse Stock Split Proposal.
Proposal 4—FOR the approval of the amendment of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares, if and only if the Reverse Stock Split Proposal is not approved.
Proposal 5—FOR the ratification of the appointment of the independent registered public accounting firm.
What if I do not specify how I want my shares voted?
If you are a record holder who returns a completed proxy card that does not specify how you want to vote your shares on one or more proposals, the proxies will vote your shares for each proposal as to which you provide no voting instructions, and such shares will be voted in the following manner:
Proposal 1—FOR the election of the nominees for director.
Proposal 2—FOR the Incentive Plan Proposal.
Proposal 3—FOR the Reverse Stock Split Proposal.
Proposal 4— FOR the approval of the amendment of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares, if and only if the Reverse Stock Split Proposal is not approved.
Proposal 5—FOR the ratification of the appointment of the independent registered public accounting firm.
If you are a street name holder and do not provide voting instructions on one or more proposals, your bank, broker or other intermediary may be unable to vote those shares. See "What is a broker non-vote?" above.
Can I change my vote?
Yes. If you are a record holder, you may revoke your proxy at any time by any of the following means:
If you are a street name holder, your bank, broker or other intermediary should provide instructions explaining how you may change or revoke your voting instructions.
What percentage of the vote is required to approve each proposal?
Assuming the presence of a quorum, the two director nominees who receive the most votes cast in the election of directors will be elected (Proposal 1).
Pursuant to Section 711 of the NYSE MKT Company Guide, the Incentive Plan Proposal (Proposal 2) will require approval by a majority of votes cast, with abstentions counting as a vote cast.
Approval of the Reverse Stock Split Proposal (Proposal 3) will require the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of our common stock outstanding and entitled to vote on such proposal at the Annual Meeting.
Approval of the amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of common stock, if and only if the Reverse Stock Split Proposal is not approved (Proposal 4) will require the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of our issued and outstanding common stock entitled to vote on such proposal at the Annual Meeting.
Assuming the presence of a quorum, the ratification of the independent registered public accounting firm (Proposal 5) will require the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of our common stock represented in person or by proxy at the Annual Meeting entitled to vote on such proposal that voted for or against such proposal.
How are abstentions and broker non-votes treated?
Abstentions are included in the determination of the number of shares present at the Annual Meeting for determining a quorum at the meeting. Abstentions will have no effect with respect to the election of directors (Proposal 1) or the ratification of the independent registered public accounting firm (Proposal 4). However, abstentions will have the same effect as a vote against the Incentive Plan Proposal (Proposal 2), the Reverse Stock Split Proposal (Proposal 3) and the amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of common stock, if and only if the Reverse Stock Split Proposal is not approved (Proposal 4).
Broker non-votes are included in the determination of the number of shares present at the Annual Meeting for determining a quorum at the meeting. Broker non-votes will have no effect upon the election of directors (Proposal 1) or the approval of the Incentive Plan Proposal (Proposal 2). With respect to the Reverse Stock Split Proposal (Proposal 3), the proposal to approve the amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of common stock, if and only if the Reverse Stock Split Proposal is not approved (Proposal 4) and the ratification of the independent registered public accounting firm (Proposal 5), broker-non-votes are not applicable because such proposals are considered routine matters and therefore a broker holding shares for a beneficial owner will have discretionary authority to vote those shares for such proposals in the absence of voting instructions from the beneficial owner.
Do I have any dissenters' or appraisal rights with respect to any of the matters to be voted on at the Annual Meeting?
No. None of our stockholders has any dissenters' or appraisal rights with respect to the matters to be voted on at the Annual Meeting.
When will the next stockholder advisory vote on executive compensation occur?
At our 2012 Annual Meeting of stockholders, we submitted to stockholders an advisory vote on whether an advisory vote on executive compensation should be held every one, two or three years. "Three years" was the frequency that received the highest number of votes. In light of such outcome, we intend to hold an advisory vote on executive compensation every three years. The last stockholder advisory vote on executive compensation was held at our 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Therefore, we anticipate that the next such vote will be held at our 2021 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.
What are the solicitation expenses and who pays the cost of this proxy solicitation?
Our board of directors is asking for your proxy and we will pay all of the costs of asking for stockholder proxies. We will reimburse brokerage houses and other custodians, intermediaries and fiduciaries for their reasonable out-of-pocket expenses for forwarding solicitation material to the beneficial owners of common stock and collecting voting instructions. We may use officers and employees of the Company to ask for proxies, as described below. In addition, we have retained Kingsdale Advisors ("Kingsdale") to assist in the solicitation of proxies for a fee of $8,500 plus telephone solicitation fees and reimbursement of expenses.
Is this Proxy Statement the only way that proxies are being solicited?
No. In addition to the solicitation of proxies by use of the mail, officers and employees of the Company, as well as Kingsdale, the proxy solicitation firm hired by the Company, may solicit the return of proxies, either by mail, telephone, fax, e-mail or through personal contact. These officers and employees will not receive additional compensation for their efforts but will be reimbursed for out-of-pocket expenses. The fees of Kingsdale as well as the reimbursement of expenses of Kingsdale will be borne by us. Brokerage houses and other custodians, intermediaries and fiduciaries, in connection with shares of the common stock registered in their names, will be requested to forward solicitation material to the beneficial owners of shares of common stock.
Are there any other matters to be acted upon at the Annual Meeting?
Management does not intend to present any business at the Annual Meeting for a vote other than the matters set forth in the Notice and has no information that others will do so. If other matters requiring a vote of the stockholders properly come before the Annual Meeting, it is the intention of the persons named in the accompanying form of proxy to vote the shares represented by the proxies held by them in accordance with applicable law and their judgment on such matters.
Where can I find voting results?
The Company expects to publish the voting results in a Current Report on Form 8-K, which it expects to file with the SEC within four business days following the Annual Meeting.
Who can help answer my questions?
The information provided above in this "Question and Answer" format is for your convenience only and is merely a summary of the information contained in this Proxy Statement. We urge you to carefully read this entire Proxy Statement, including the documents we refer to in this Proxy Statement. If you have any questions, or need additional material, please feel free to contact the firm assisting us in the solicitation of proxies, Kingsdale. Banks and brokers and shareholders may call Kingsdale at 1-877-659-1822 (North American toll free number) or 416-867-2272 (call collect outside North America).
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND BOARD OF DIRECTORS MATTERS
Director Independence
The board of directors has determined that Dr. Rogers and Messrs. Stuka, Berman and Kester, satisfy the requirement for independence set out in Section 803 of the NYSE American rules and that each of these directors has no material relationship with us (other than being a director and/or a stockholder). In making its independence determinations, the board of directors sought to identify and analyze all of the facts and circumstances relating to any relationship between a director, his immediate family or affiliates and our company and our affiliates and did not rely on categorical standards other than those contained in the NYSE American rule referenced above.
Board Committees 
Our board of directors has established an audit committee, a nominating and corporate governance committee and a compensation committee, each of which has the composition and responsibilities described below.
Audit Committee. Our audit committee is currently comprised of Messrs. Berman, Stuka and Kester, each of whom our board has determined to be financially literate and qualify as an independent director under Section 803(B)(2) of the NYSE American rules. Mr. Kester is the chairman of our audit committee and qualifies as a financial expert, as defined in Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of Regulation S-K. The audit committee's duties are to recommend to our board of directors the engagement of independent auditors to audit our financial statements and to review our accounting and auditing principles. The audit committee will review the scope, timing and fees for the annual audit and the results of audit examinations performed by the internal auditors and independent public accountants, including their recommendations to improve the system of accounting and internal controls. The audit committee held a total of 4 meetings during the twelve months ended December 31, 2018. The audit committee operates under a formal charter adopted by the board of directors that governs its duties and conduct. Copies of the charter can be obtained free of charge from the Company's web site, www.inspiremd.com, by contacting the Company at the address appearing on the first page of this Proxy Statement to the attention of Investor Relations, or by telephone at + 972-3-6917691.
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Our nominating and corporate governance committee is currently comprised of Messrs. Berman and Stuka, each of whom qualify as an independent director under Section 803(A) of the NYSE American rules. Mr. Berman is the chairman of our nominating and corporate governance committee. The nominating and corporate governance committee identifies and recommends to our board of directors individuals qualified to be director nominees. In addition, the nominating and corporate governance committee recommends to our board of directors the members and chairman of each board committee who will periodically review and assess our code of business conduct and ethics and our corporate governance guidelines. The nominating and corporate governance committee also makes recommendations for changes to our code of business conduct and ethics and our corporate governance guidelines to our board of directors, reviews any other matters related to our corporate governance and oversees the evaluation of our board of directors and our management. The nominating and corporate governance committee held 1 meeting during the twelve months ended December 31, 2018. The nominating and corporate governance committee operates under a formal charter adopted by the board of directors that governs its duties and conduct. Copies of the charter can be obtained free of charge from the Company's web site, www.inspiremd.com, by contacting the Company at the address appearing on the first page of this Proxy Statement to the attention of Investor Relations, or by telephone at (888) 776-6804.
Compensation Committee. Our compensation committee is currently comprised of Messrs. Stuka and Kester, each of whom qualify as an independent director under Sections 803(A) and 805(c)(1) of the NYSE American rules. Mr. Stuka is the chairman of our compensation committee. The compensation committee reviews and approves our salary and benefits policies, including compensation of executive officers and directors. The compensation committee also administers our stock option plans and recommends and approves grants of stock options under such plans. The compensation committee held 1 meeting during the twelve months ended December 31, 2018. The compensation committee operates under a formal charter adopted by the board of directors that governs its duties and conduct. Copies of the charter can be obtained free of charge from the Company's web site, www.inspiremd.com, by contacting the Company at the address appearing on the first page of this Proxy Statement to the attention of Investor Relations, or by telephone at (888) 776-6804.
Meetings and Attendance
The board of directors held a total of 12 meetings during the twelve months ended December 31, 2018, and each director attended at least 75 percent of the aggregate number of all (i) board meetings held during the period for which he was a director and (ii) committee meetings held during the period for which he was a committee member. We do not have a policy requiring director attendance at stockholder meetings, but members of our board of directors are encouraged to attend. One of five directors attended our 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.
Board Leadership Structure
The board of directors is committed to promoting effective, independent governance of the Company. Our board believes it is in the best interests of the stockholders and the Company for the board to have the flexibility to select the best director to serve as chairman at any given time, regardless of whether that director is an independent director or the chief executive officer. Consequently, we do not have a policy governing whether the roles of chairman of the board and chief executive officer should be separate or combined. This decision is made by our board of directors, based on the best interests of the Company considering the circumstances at the time.
Currently, the offices of the chairman of the board and the chief executive officer are held by two different people. Mr. Stuka is our independent, non-executive chairman of the board of directors and Dr. Barry is our chief executive officer. The chief executive officer is responsible for the day to day leadership and performance of the Company, while the chairman of the board of directors provides guidance to the chief executive officer and sets the agenda for board meetings and presides over meetings of the board. We believe that separation of the positions reinforces the independence of the board in its oversight of the business and affairs of the Company, and creates an environment that is more conducive to objective evaluation and oversight of management's performance, increasing management accountability and improving the ability of the board to monitor whether management's actions are in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. Furthermore, we believe that Mr. Stuka is especially suited to serve as our chairman of the board, in light of his significant strategic and investment management experience in the U.S. healthcare industry, which provide him with a unique perspective on the best methods of growth for a life sciences company.
Role in Risk Oversight
Our board of directors oversees an enterprise-wide approach to risk management, designed to support the achievement of business objectives, including organizational and strategic objectives, to improve long-term organizational performance and enhance stockholder value. The involvement of our board of directors in setting our business strategy is a key part of its assessment of management's plans for risk management and its determination of what constitutes an appropriate level of risk for the company. The participation of our board of directors in our risk oversight process includes receiving regular reports from members of senior management on areas of material risk to our company, including operational, financial, legal and regulatory, and strategic and reputational risks.
While our board of directors has the ultimate responsibility for the risk management process, senior management and various committees of our board of directors also have responsibility for certain areas of risk management.
Our senior management team is responsible for day-to-day risk management and regularly reports on risks to our full board of directors or a relevant committee. Our finance and regulatory personnel serve as the primary monitoring and evaluation function for company-wide policies and procedures, and manage the day-to-day oversight of the risk management strategy for our ongoing business. This oversight includes identifying, evaluating and addressing potential risks that may exist at the enterprise, strategic, financial, operational, compliance, cybersecurity and reporting levels.
The audit committee focuses on monitoring and discussing our major financial risk exposures and the steps management has taken to monitor and control such exposures, including our risk assessment and risk management policies. As appropriate, the audit committee provides reports to and receives direction from the full board of directors regarding our risk management policies and guidelines, as well as the audit committee's risk oversight activities.
In addition, the compensation committee assesses our compensation policies to confirm that the compensation policies and practices do not encourage unnecessary risk taking. The compensation committee regularly reviews and discusses the relationship between risk management policies and practices, corporate strategy and senior executive compensation and, when appropriate, reports on the findings from the discussions with our board of directors. Our compensation committee intends to set performance metrics that will create incentives for our senior executives that encourage an appropriate level of risk-taking that is commensurate with our short-term and long-term strategies.
Code of Ethics
We have adopted a code of ethics and business conduct that applies to our officers, directors and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer, which is posted on our website at www.inspiremd.com. We intend to disclose future amendments to certain provisions of the code of ethics, or waivers of such provisions granted to executive officers and directors, on this website within four business days following the date of such amendment or waiver.
Communications with the Board of Directors
A stockholder who wishes to communicate with our board of directors, any committee of our board of directors, the non-management directors or any particular director, may do so by writing to such director or directors in care of the Secretary, c/o InspireMD, Inc., 4 Menorat Hamaor St., Tel Aviv, Israel 6744832. Our secretary will forward such communication to the full board of directors, to the appropriate committee or to any individual director or directors to whom the communication is addressed, unless the communication is unrelated to the duties and responsibilities of our board of directors (such as spam, junk mail and mass mailings, ordinary course disputes over fees or services, personal employee complaints, business inquiries, new product or service suggestions, resumes and other forms of job inquiries, surveys, business solicitations or advertisements) or is unduly hostile, threatening, illegal, or harassing, in which case our secretary has the authority to discard the communication or take appropriate legal action regarding the communication.
Director Nomination Policies 
We have a standing nominating and corporate governance committee consisting entirely of independent directors. The director nominee was recommended to the board by the nominating and corporate governance committee for selection.
The nominating and corporate governance committee will consider all proposed nominees for the board of directors, including those properly put forward by stockholders. Stockholder nominations should be addressed to the nominating and corporate governance committee in care of the Secretary, c/o InspireMD, Inc., 4 Menorat Hamaor St., Tel Aviv, Israel 6744832, in accordance with the provisions of the Company's amended and restated bylaws. The nominating and corporate governance committee annually reviews with the board the applicable skills and characteristics required of board nominees in the context of current board composition and our circumstances. In making its recommendations to the board, the nominating and corporate governance committee considers all factors it considers appropriate, which may include experience, accomplishments, education, understanding of the business and the industry in which we operate, specific skills, general business acumen and the highest personal and professional integrity. Generally, the nominating and corporate governance committee will first consider current board members because they meet the criteria listed above and possess an in depth knowledge of us, our history, strengths, weaknesses, goals and objectives. This level of knowledge has proven very valuable to us. In determining whether to recommend a director for re-election, the nominating and corporate governance committee also considers the director's past attendance at meetings and participation in and contributions to the activities of the board.
The board and the nominating and corporate governance committee aim to assemble a diverse group of board members and believe that no single criterion such as gender or minority status is determinative in obtaining diversity on the board. The board defines diversity as differences of viewpoint, professional experience, education and skills such as a candidate's range of experience serving on other public company boards, the balance of the business interest and experience of the candidate as compared to the incumbent or other nominated directors, and the need for any particular expertise on the board or one of its committees.
Certain Related Transactions and Relationships
On March 21, 2016, we closed a private placement of 1,183 shares of our common stock and warrants to purchase up to 592 shares of our common stock with certain of our officers and directors. The purchasers in the private placement included: Dr. Barer, the then chairman of our board of directors, who purchased 969 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase 485 shares of common stock, for a purchase price of $500,000, Osiris Investment Partners, L.P., of which Mr. Stuka, the chairman of our board of directors, is the principal and managing member, which purchased 146 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase 73 shares of common stock, for a purchase price of $75,000, Mr. Loughlin, who served as our director until May 24, 2016, purchased 58 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase 29 shares of common stock, for a purchase price of $29,500 and Dr. Rogers, our director, who purchased 10 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase 5 shares of common stock, for a purchase price of $5,000.
On July 7, 2016, we closed a public offering of 442,424 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (the "Series B Preferred Stock") and accompanying warrants to purchase up to 50,620 shares of common stock at a price of $33.00 per share of Series B Preferred Stock and the accompanying warrant, for gross proceeds of approximately $14.6 million, before deducting placement agent fees and offering expenses payable by us. Each share of Series B Preferred Stock was convertible into 0.114 shares of common stock reflecting a conversion price equal to $288.75 per share. In accordance with the anti-dilution price protection contained in the certificate of designation for the Series B Preferred Stock, the conversion price for the Series B Preferred Stock was adjusted several times when the Company conducted subsequent equity financings, and as of December 31, 2018, each share of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible into 110 shares of common stock at $0.30 per share. The holders of Series B Preferred Stock are entitled to receive cumulative dividends at the rate per share of 15% per annum of the stated value for five years, payable in cash or common stock, at our discretion. The warrants are exercisable immediately and have a term of exercise of five years from the date of issuance and have an exercise price of $175.00 per share of common stock. The purchasers in the offering included: Dr. Barer, the then chairman of our board of directors, who purchased 33,333 shares of Series B Preferred Stock and warrants to purchase 3,810 shares of common stock, for a purchase price of $1,099,989, Osiris Investment Partners, L.P., of which Mr. Stuka, the chairman of our board of directors, is the principal and managing member, which purchased 1,515 shares of Series B Preferred Stock and warrants to purchase 174 shares of common stock, for a purchase price of $49,995 and Mr. Stuka, who purchased 3,030 shares of Series B Preferred Stock and warrants to purchase 347 shares of common stock, for a purchase price of $99,990.
On December 1, 2017, as part of a planned recapitalization, we sold 750 shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock (the "Series D Preferred Stock") to Sabby Healthcare Master Fund, Ltd., who was then a beneficial owner of more than 5% of our common stock (the "Series D Investor") in a private placement (the "Series D Private Placement") pursuant to a securities purchase agreement (the "Series D Purchase Agreement"), dated November 28, 2017, for aggregate gross proceeds of $750,000. The stated value of each share of Series D Preferred Stock was $1,000, and the Series D Preferred Stock was initially convertible, at the option of the holder, into shares of our common stock (subject to the beneficial ownership limitation set forth in the certificate of designation for the Series D Preferred Stock ("Series D Certificate of Designation")), at a conversion price of $7.00 per share, subject to adjustment as provided in the Series D Certificate of Designation. Pursuant to the Series D Purchase Agreement and the Series D Certificate of Designation, the purchasers of Series D Preferred Stock had the option, subject to certain limitations, to exchange their Series D Preferred Stock into the securities issued in a subsequent offering (the "Series D Exchange Right") or into the securities we sell in an offering of our common stock or common stock equivalents for gross proceeds of at least $8 million (a "Qualified Offering") upon consummation of a Qualified Offering on a $1.00 per stated value for $1.00 new subscription amount basis. In addition, in accordance with the Series D Purchase Agreement, the certificate of designation for the Series B Preferred Stock was amended to provide that each share of outstanding Series B Preferred Stock would be automatically exchanged into the securities we sell in a Qualified Offering on a $1.00 per stated value for $1.00 new subscription amount basis. As a result of the issuance and sale of the Series D Preferred Stock, the conversion price of our outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock was reduced to $7.00 pursuant to the anti-dilution adjustment provisions of the Series B Preferred Stock. There was no change to the conversion price of our outstanding Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (the "Series C Preferred Stock") as a result of an amendment made to the terms of the Series C Preferred Stock exempting the issuance of the Series D Preferred Stock from the anti-dilution adjustment provisions of the Series C Preferred Stock. The conversion price for each of our Series B Preferred Stock, our Series C Preferred Stock and our Series D Preferred was subsequently reduced to $3.00 per share in connection with the March 2018 offering, to $1.75 per share in connection with the April 2018 offering, and to $0.30 per share in connection with the July 2018 offering, as described below.
On February 21, 2018, the Series D Purchase Agreement was amended to require us (i) to use 15% of the proceeds from any subsequent offering of our securities that is not a Qualified Offering to redeem the outstanding shares of the Series C Preferred Stock held by the Series D Investor at a per share purchase price equal to the stated value of the Series C Preferred Stock, and (ii) upon closing of any subsequent offering that is a Qualified Offering, to exchange all remaining outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock held by the Series D Investor for any securities issued in such Qualified Offering on a $1.00 per stated value for $1.00 new subscription amount basis (subject to the beneficial ownership limitation set forth in the certificate of designation for the Series C Preferred Stock). In the event that we fail, or are unable, to issue securities issued in the Qualified Offering to the Series D Investor in exchange for such investor's remaining Series C Preferred Stock due to limitations mandated by the NYSE American, the SEC, or for any other reason, we were required to offer to purchase from such investor those shares of Series C Preferred Stock not exchanged for the securities sold in the Qualified Offering at a per share purchase price equal to the stated value of Series C Preferred Stock.
On February 26, 2018, we and the Series D Investor entered into a waiver agreement which provided that (i) the Series D Exchange Right would not be applicable to an offering of up to $7,000,000 which occurred no later than March 9, 2018, (ii) we shall reduce the conversion price of the Series D Preferred Stock to the public offering price of our common stock in such offering, (iii) instead of using 15% of the proceeds from such offering to redeem shares of Series C Preferred Stock held by the Series D Investor, we shall use 15% of the proceeds from such offering to redeem a portion of the outstanding shares of Series D Preferred Stock held by the Series D Investor at a per share purchase price equal to the stated value of the Series D Preferred Stock, and (iv) we shall file a registration statement with the SEC under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, in order to register the resale of the shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of the Series D Preferred Stock as soon as practicable following the closing of such offering, but in no event later than seven days following such closing and to cause such registration statement to become effective as soon as practical after its filing.
On March 1, 2018, we closed an underwritten public offering of 1,000,000 shares of our common stock at a price to the public of $3.00 per share, thus triggering the rights under the above described February 26, 2018 agreement. Upon closing of the offering, we used $450,000 of the proceeds from the offering to redeem 450 shares of Series D Preferred Stock. As a result of such offering, the conversion price for each of our Series B Preferred Stock, our Series C Preferred Stock and our Series D Preferred Stock was reduced to $3.00 per share.
On March 28, 2018, we and the Series D Investor entered into the second waiver agreement which provided that (i) the Series D Exchange Right would not be applicable to a subsequent financing consisting solely of shares of common stock, which shall be publicly registered on Form S-3 for gross proceeds to us of up to $5,000,000, to be consummated by not later than April 3, 2018 (the "Planned April 2018 Offering"), (ii) our obligation to use 15% of the proceeds from any subsequent offering of our securities that is not a Qualified Offering to redeem the outstanding shares of the Series C Preferred Stock held by the Series D Investor would not be applicable to the Planned April 2018 Offering, (iii) we shall reduce the conversion price of the Series D Preferred Stock to the public offering price of our common stock sold in the Planned April 2018 Offering, and (iv) we shall use $300,000 of the proceeds from the Planned April 2018 Offering to redeem outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock held by the Series D Investor at a per share purchase price equal to the stated value of the Series C Preferred Stock.
On April 2, 2018, we closed an underwritten public offering of 2,857,143 shares of our common stock at a price to the public of $1.75 per share, thus triggering the rights under the above described March 28, 2018 second waiver agreement. Upon closing of the offering, we used $300,000 of the proceeds from the offering to redeem 46,875 shares of our Series C Preferred Stock held by the Series D Investor. As a result of such offering, the conversion price for each of our Series B Preferred Stock, our Series C Preferred Stock and our Series D Preferred Stock was reduced to $1.75 per share.
On June 28, 2018, we and the Series D Investor entered into a letter agreement (the "Letter Agreement") which further amended the Series D Purchase Agreement to provide that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the prior agreements, in the event we consummate a Qualified Offering in which the Series D Investor and its affiliates invest at least $3 million, (i) instead of an automatic exchange of all outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock held by the Series D Investor into securities issued in a Qualified Offering on a $1.00 per stated value for $1.00 new subscription amount basis, all outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock held by the Series D Investor will be redeemed at a per share purchase price equal to the stated value of the Series C Preferred Stock, and (ii) all outstanding shares of Series D Preferred Stock will be redeemed at a per share purchase price equal to the stated value of the Series D Preferred Stock.
On July 3, 2018, we closed an underwritten public offering of (i) 10,851,417 common units, with each common unit being comprised of one share of our common stock, and one Series D warrant to purchase one share of common stock and (ii) 22,481,916 pre-funded units, with each pre-funded unit being comprised of one pre-funded warrant to purchase one share of common stock and one Series D warrant. The underwriter exercised its option to purchase an additional 4,999,999 Series D warrants to purchase 4,999,999 shares of common stock. Pursuant to the full ratchet anti-dilution adjustment provisions in the respective certificate of designation for the Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock, the conversion price of the outstanding shares of the Series B Preferred Stock and the Series C Preferred Stock was reduced to $0.30 per share.
Pursuant to the Letter Agreement, on July 3, 2018, upon closing of the public offering that was a Qualified Offering, we used $2,264,269 of the net proceeds of the offering to redeem 306,917 shares of Series C Preferred Stock and 300 shares of Series D Preferred Stock held by the Series D Investor.
In accordance with our audit committee charter, the audit committee is required to approve all related party transactions. In general, the audit committee will review any proposed transaction that has been identified as a related party transaction under Item 404 of Regulation S-K, which means a transaction, arrangement or relationship in which we and any related party are participants in which the amount involved exceeds $120,000. A related party includes (i) a director, director nominee or executive officer of us, (ii) a security holder known to be an owner of more than 5% of our voting securities, (iii) an immediate family member of the foregoing or (iv) a corporation or other entity in which any of the foregoing persons is an executive, principal or similar control person or in which such person has a 5% or greater beneficial ownership interest.
REPORT OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE
The audit committee has reviewed and discussed the Company's audited financial statements and related footnotes for the year ended December 31, 2018, and the independent auditor's report on those financial statements, with management and with our independent auditor, Kesselman & Kesselman, Certified Public Accountants, a member of PricewaterhouseCoopers International Limited ("Kesselman"). The audit committee has also discussed with Kesselman the matters required to be discussed by the statement on Auditing Standards No. 61, as amended, as adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board in Rule 3200T. The audit committee has also received the written disclosures and the letter from Kesselman required by applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding Kesselman's communications with the audit committee concerning independence, and has discussed with Kesselman that firm's independence.
Based on the review and the discussions referred to in the preceding paragraph, the audit committee determined that the Company's audited financial statements be included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, that was filed with the SEC.
SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
The following table sets forth information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of February 18, 2019 by:
The percentages of common stock beneficially owned are reported on the basis of regulations of the SEC governing the determination of beneficial ownership of securities. Under the rules of the SEC, a person is deemed to be a beneficial owner of a security if that person has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or to direct the voting of the security, or investment power, which includes the power to dispose of or to direct the disposition of the security.
Except as indicated in the footnotes to this table, each beneficial owner named in the table below has sole voting and sole investment power with respect to all shares beneficially owned and each person's address is c/o InspireMD, Inc., 4 Menorat Hamaor St., Tel Aviv, Israel 6744832. As of February 18, 2019, we had 41,881,795 shares outstanding.
SECTION 16(a) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING COMPLIANCE
Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, requires our directors and officers, and persons who own more than ten percent of our common stock, to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our common stock. Directors, officers and persons who own more than ten percent of our common stock are required by SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file.
To our knowledge, based solely on a review of the copies of such reports furnished to us, during the twelve months ended December 31, 2018, each of our directors, officers and greater than ten percent stockholders complied with all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to our directors, officers and greater than ten percent stockholders.
PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF CLASS 2 DIRECTORS
The board of directors currently consists of five members and is classified into three classes of similar size. The members of each class are elected in different years, so that only one-third of the board is elected in any single year. As indicated below, we currently have one director in Class 1 (with a term of office expiring in 2021), two directors in Class 2 (with a term of office expiring this year), and two directors in Class 3 (with a term of office expiring in 2020). This year, the board of directors has nominated Michael Berman and Campbell Rogers, M.D., for re-election as Class 2 directors.
Each of Mr. Berman and Dr. Rogers has been nominated to serve for a term of office to expire at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders in 2022, to hold office until his successor has been duly elected and qualified. Stockholders will be unable to vote for more than two persons. Directors are elected by a plurality of the votes present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting. Assuming the presence of a quorum, the two director nominees who receive the most votes cast in the election of directors will be elected as Class 2 directors. Should any of the director nominees become unable or unwilling to accept nomination or election, the proxy holders may vote the proxies for the election, in his stead, of any other person the board of directors may nominate or designate. Each of the director nominees has expressed his intention to serve the entire term for which election is sought.
Directors and Nominees
The following table and text set forth the name, age and positions of the director nominee and each director currently serving on our board of directors:
Biographies
Paul Stuka has served as a director since August 8, 2011 and has served as our chairman since June 2, 2017. Mr. Stuka has served as the managing member of Osiris Partners, LLC, an investment fund, since 2000. Prior to forming Osiris Partners, LLC, Mr. Stuka, with 35 years of experience in the investment industry, was a managing director of Longwood Partners, managing small cap institutional accounts. In 1995, Mr. Stuka joined State Street Research and Management as manager of its Market Neutral and Mid Cap Growth Funds. From 1986 to 1994, Mr. Stuka served as the general partner of Stuka Associates, where he managed a U.S.-based investment partnership. Mr. Stuka began his career in 1980 as an analyst at Fidelity Management and Research. As an analyst, Mr. Stuka followed a wide array of industries including healthcare, energy, transportation, and lodging and gaming. Early in his career he became the assistant portfolio manager for three Fidelity Funds, including the Select Healthcare Fund which was recognized as the top performing fund in the United States for the five-year period ending December 31, 1985. Mr. Stuka has been serving as a director of Caliber Imaging & Diagnostics, Inc. (formerly Lucid, Inc.) since June 2013. Mr. Stuka's qualifications to serve on the board include his significant strategic and business insight from his years of experience investing in the healthcare industry.
Michael Berman has served as our director since February 7, 2013. Mr. Berman is a medical device entrepreneur who works with high-potential development and early-stage commercial companies. From 2005 to 2012, when the company was sold to Boston Scientific, Mr. Berman was a co-founder and the chairman of BridgePoint Medical, Inc., which developed technology to treat coronary and peripheral vascular chronic total occlusions. Mr. Berman was also a member of the board of Lutonix, Inc. from 2007 until 2011, when the company was sold to C.R. Bard, Inc. From 2011 to 2018, Mr. Berman served as a co-founder and director of Rebiotix Inc., a company developing an innovative treatment for C Diff colitis. Rebiotix was sold to Ferring Pharmaceuticals in 2018. Mr. Berman has served (i) since 2011 as an advisor to, and since 2012 as a director of, Cardiosonic, Inc., a company developing a system for hypertension reduction via renal denervation, (ii) since 2005 as a director of PharmaCentra, LLC, which creates customizable marketing programs that help pharmaceutical companies communicate with physicians and patients, (iii) since 2018 as a Director of STMedical, a medical device company that has developed a temporary stent for the treatment of chronic sinusitis, (iv) since 2011 as a director of AngioSlide Ltd., a medical device company that has developed an embolic capture angioplasty device, (v) since 2017 as a Director of Owlytics Healthcare, (vi) since 2013 as a Director of ClearCut Inc., a medical device company that has developed an MRI system for tumor margin assessment, (vii) since 2013 as a director of PulmOne Ltd., a medical device company developing an innovative Pulmonary Function Testing system, (viii) since 2014 as a director of Mazor Robotics, Inc., a publicly held company that has developed and markets an innovative system for robotic surgery, (ix) since 2014 as a director of SoniVie, a medical device company, (x) since 2014 as a venture partner at RiverVest Ventures and (xi) since 2017 as a Director of Truleaf Medical. Mr. Berman brings to the board his extensive executive and entrepreneurial experiences in the field of medical devices and vascular intervention, which should assist in strengthening and advancing our strategic focus.
Campbell Rogers, M.D. has served as a director since September 3, 2013. Dr. Rogers is the executive vice president and chief medical officer of HeartFlow, Inc., a cardiovascular diagnostics company, since March 2012. Prior to joining HeartFlow, Inc., he was the chief scientific officer and global head of research and development at Cordis Corporation (currently part of Cardinal Health, Inc.), Johnson & Johnson, where he was responsible for leading investments and research in cardiovascular devices. Prior to that, he was associate professor of medicine at Harvard Medical School and the Harvard-M.I.T. Division of Health Sciences and Technology and director of the cardiac catheterization and experimental cardiovascular interventional laboratories at Brigham and Women's Hospital. He served as principal investigator for numerous interventional cardiology device, diagnostic, and pharmacology trials, is the author of numerous journal articles, chapters, and books in the area of coronary artery and other cardiovascular diseases and was the recipient of research grant awards from the National Institute of Health and the American Heart Association. He received his A.B. from Harvard College and his M.D. from Harvard Medical School. Dr. Rogers' qualifications to serve on the board include his significant experience in cardiovascular devices, as well as his familiarity with the operations of medical device companies.
James Barry, Ph.D. has served as our president and chief executive officer since June 6, 2016, and as a director since January 30, 2012. Prior to becoming our president and chief executive officer, Dr. Barry served as our executive vice president and chief operating officer from July 14, 2014. Dr. Barry served as president and chief executive officer and executive vice president and chief operating officer at Arsenal Medical Inc., a medical device company focused on local therapy, from September 2011 to December 2013. Dr. Barry also heads his own consulting firm, Convergent Biomedical Group LLC, advising medtech companies on product development, strategy, regulatory compliance and fund raising. Until June 2010, he was senior vice president, corporate technology development at Boston Scientific Corporation, where he was in charge of the corporate research and development and pre-clinical science functions and was also a member of the operating committee and corporate portfolio committee. Dr. Barry joined Boston Scientific in 1992 and oversaw its efforts in the identification and development of drug device combinations for both implantable and catheter-based delivery systems. He currently serves on a number of advisory boards including the College of Biomedical Engineering at Yale University, the College of Sciences at University of Massachusetts-Lowell where he is chairman emeritus and the Massachusetts Life Science Center.). Dr. Barry received his Ph.D. in Biochemistry from the University of Massachusetts-Lowell and holds a B.A. degree in Chemistry from Saint Anselm College. Dr. Barry brings to the board over 25 years of experience in leadership roles in the medical device industry and significant medical technology experience, in particular with respect to interventional cardiology products, and as chief executive officer, Dr. Barry's position on the board ensures a unity of vision between the broader goals of our company and our day-to-day operations.
Dr. Barry is a party to an agreement related to his service as president, chief executive officer and director described under "Executive Compensation – Agreements with Executive Officers."
Thomas J. Kester has served as a director since September 6, 2016. Mr. Kester has been serving as the chief financial officer of Kester Search Group, Inc., a private executive search firm specializing in sales force placement for medical, dental and diagnostic device companies, since October 2014. From 2004 to 2010, Mr. Kester served as a director of Orthofix International, NV (NASDAQ: OFIX), a global medical device company. Mr. Kester's experience includes 28 years at KPMG LLP, including 18 years as an audit partner, advising public and private companies in connection with annual audit and financings. Mr. Kester's qualifications to serve on the board include his significant strategic and business insight from his years of experience auditing global companies and serving on the boards of several public and not-for-profit organizations. Mr. Kester received his B.S. in mechanical engineering from Cornell University and an M.B.A. from Harvard University.
Family Relationships
There are no family relationships amongst our directors and executive officers.
Vote Required
Directors will be elected by a plurality of the votes cast by the holders of our common stock voting in person or by proxy at the Annual Meeting. The two director nominees who receive the most votes cast in the election of directors will be elected as Class 2 directors.
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
In addition to James Barry, Ph.D. whose information is set forth above under the caption "Proposal 1: Election of Class 1 Director – Directors and Nominee" and "– Biographies," below is certain information with respect to our other executive officers.
[BEGIN TABLE]
Craig      Shore   57   Chief                                           Financial Officer, Chief Administrative Officer, Secretary and Treasurer 
[END TABLE]
Our officers hold office until the earlier of their death, resignation or removal by our board of directors or until their successors have been selected. They serve at the pleasure of our board of directors.
Craig Shore has served as our chief financial officer, secretary and treasurer since March 31, 2011 and as our chief administrative officer since May 3, 2013. In addition, from November 10, 2010 through March 31, 2011, Mr. Shore served as InspireMD Ltd.'s vice president of business development. Mr. Shore has over 30 years of experience in financial management in the United States, Europe and Israel for companies such as Pfizer Pharmaceuticals, Bristol Myers Squibb and General Electric. His experience includes raising capital both in the private and public markets. Mr. Shore graduated with honors and received a B.Sc. in Finance from Pennsylvania State University and an M.B.A. from George Washington University.
Mr. Shore is a party to an agreement related to his service as chief financial officer described under "Executive Compensation – Agreements with Executive Officers."
EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
Compensation Philosophy and Process 
The responsibility for establishing, administering and interpreting our policies governing the compensation and benefits for our executive officers lies with our compensation committee and our board of directors. During the review of named executive officer compensation for 2018, the compensation committee did not retain the services of any compensation consultants.
The goals of our compensation policy are to ensure that executive compensation rewards management for helping us achieve our financial goals (increased sales, profitability, etc.) and meet our clinical trial milestones and aligns management's overall goals and objectives with those of our stockholders. In 2018, we designed our executive compensation program to achieve the following objectives:
We have determined that in order to best meet these objectives, our executive compensation program should balance fixed and bonus compensation, as well as cash and equity compensation. Historically, there has been no pre-established policy or target for the allocation between either cash and non-cash or short-term and long-term incentive compensation for our executive officers.
Summary Compensation Table 
The table below sets forth the compensation earned by our named executive officers for the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2018 and 2017.
[BEGIN TABLE]
Name                                           and Principal Position   Year     Salary ($)     Bonus ($)     All                                           Other Compensation                                           ($)     Total       ($)   
Name                                           and Principal Position   Year     Salary ($)     Bonus ($)     All                                           Other Compensation                                           ($)     Total       ($)   
Name                                           and Principal Position   Year     Salary ($)     Bonus ($)     All                                           Other Compensation                                           ($)     Total       ($)   
Agustin Gago(1)     2018       257,954  (7)     -       171,758  (8)     429,712    
Former      Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer     2017       275,000        75,000  (9)     28,334  (3)     353,334    
[END TABLE]
Agreements with Executive Officers 
James Barry, Ph.D.
On July 14, 2014, we entered into an employment agreement with James Barry to serve as our executive vice president and chief operating officer, which was first amended on January 5, 2015, and further amended on February 22, 2015, and March 28, 2016, and on June 6, 2016, our board of directors appointed Dr. Barry as our president and chief executive officer and further amended the employment agreement. On September 5, 2017, we entered into the Fifth Amendment to Dr. Barry's employment agreement (as amended by the Fifth Amendment, the "Prior Employment Agreement"), and on February 4, 2019, we entered into an amended and restated employment agreement (the "A&R Employment Agreement") with Dr. Barry, which amended, restated and superseded Dr. Barry's Prior Employment Agreement. Dr. Barry was previously a director and continues his role as a director. The A&R Employment Agreement has an initial term that ends on December 31, 2020 unless earlier terminated.
Under the A&R Employment Agreement, Dr. Barry is entitled to an annual base salary of $400,000. Such amount may be reduced only as part of an overall cost reduction program that affects all senior executives of the company and does not disproportionately affect Dr. Barry, so long as such reductions do not reduce the base salary to less than 90% of the amount set forth above (or 90% of the amount to which it has been subsequently increased). The base salary will be reviewed annually by our board of directors as part of our annual compensation review.
Under the Prior Employment Agreement, as amended, Dr. Barry was entitled to an annual base salary of at least $365,000, which amount, in the event of the closing of a transaction or series of related transactions with investors where we raise an aggregate of $7 million from such investors, would increase to $400,000. Dr. Barry's annual base salary was increased to $400,000, as the March 2018 and the April 2018 offerings raised more than $7 million, effective as of April 1, 2018, payment beginning as of the first November 2018 pay period.
Dr. Barry is also eligible to receive an annual bonus in the amount equal to 100% of his base salary upon the achievement of reasonable target objectives and performance goals, to be determined by the Board in consultation with Dr. Barry. In the event that Dr. Barry's actual performance exceeds the goals, the Board may, in its sole discretion, pay Dr. Barry bonus compensation of more than 100% of his base salary. In each case, the annual bonus shall be payable in accordance with our annual bonus plan, and the amounts payable under the annual bonus plan shall be determined by the Board and shall be payable following such fiscal year and no later than two and one-half months after the end of such fiscal year.
In addition, as provided by the A&R Employment Agreement, we agreed to pay for Dr. Barry's accrued but unused vacation time through the calendar year 2018 on our next regular payroll date, which amount will be $32,000.
In accordance with the A&R Employment Agreement, on February 4, 2019, we granted Dr. Barry 2,000,000 shares of restricted stock, made pursuant to a Restricted Stock Award Agreement. The restricted stock is subject to a three-year vesting period subject to Dr. Barry's continued service us, with one-third (1/3rd) of such awards vesting on the first, second and third anniversary of the grant date. Additionally, upon achievement of certain criteria, Dr. Barry will be eligible to receive an equity bonus relating to the number of shares of our common stock equal to 5% of our shares outstanding on the date of the grant (inclusive of, rather than in addition to, the shares granted as part of the restricted stock grant made on February 4, 2019), subject to the board of director's approval, which shall be comprised of as close as is practicable to 50% stock options and 50% shares of restricted stock. Dr. Barry is also eligible to receive additional stock-based compensation at the sole discretion of the Board.
The A&R Employment Agreement also contains certain noncompetition, no solicitation, confidentiality, and assignment of inventions requirements for Dr. Barry.
If, during the term of the A&R Employment Agreement, Dr. Barry's employment is terminated upon his death or disability, by Dr. Barry for good reason, or by us without cause, Dr. Barry will be entitled to receive, in addition to other unpaid amounts owed to him (e.g., for base salary and accrued vacation): (i) the pro rata amount of any bonus for the fiscal year of such termination (assuming full achievement of all applicable goals under the bonus plan) that he would have received had his employment not been terminated; (ii) a one-time lump sum severance payment equal to $850,000, provided that he executes a release relating to employment matters and the circumstances surrounding his termination in favor of us, its subsidiaries and their officers, directors and related parties and agents, in a form reasonably acceptable to us at the time of such termination; (iii) vesting of 100% of all unvested stock options, restricted stock shares, restricted stock units, stock appreciation rights or similar stock based rights granted to Dr. Barry, and lapse of any forfeiture included in such restricted or other stock grants; (iv) an extension of the term of any outstanding stock options or stock appreciation rights for two years from the date of termination; (v) to the fullest extent permitted by our then-current benefit plans, continuation of health, dental, vision and life insurance coverage for up to 18 months unless Dr. Barry secures coverage from a new employer; and (vi) a cash payment of $25,000, which Dr. Barry may use for executive outplacement services or an education program. The payment described in (ii) above will be reduced by any payments received by Dr. Barry pursuant to any of our employee welfare benefit plans providing for payments in the event of death or disability. If Dr. Barry continues to be employed by us after the term of the Employment Agreement, unless otherwise agreed by the parties in writing, and Dr. Barry's employment is terminated upon his death or disability, by Dr. Barry for good reason, or by us without cause, Dr. Barry will be entitled to receive, in addition to other unpaid amounts owed to him, the payments set forth in (i), (ii) and (iii) above. If we do not extend the term of the A&R Employment Agreement and/or Dr. Barry's employment is not extended beyond December 31, 2020, Dr. Barry will be entitled to the payments and benefits set forth in (i)-(vi) above; however, if we have offered to extend the A&R Employment Agreement beyond December 31, 2020 on terms no less favorable than the terms of the A&R Employment Agreement and Dr. Barry does not agree to such extension, the one-time lump sum severance payment set forth in (ii) above shall be in the amount of $600,000.
If, during the term of the A&R Employment Agreement, we terminate Dr. Barry's employment for cause or Dr. Barry terminates his employment by voluntary termination, Dr. Barry will only be entitled to unpaid and accrued amounts owed to him through the date of termination and whatever rights, if any, are available to him pursuant to our stock-based compensation plans or any award documents related to any stock-based compensation.
Dr. Barry has no specific right to terminate the A&R Employment Agreement or right to any severance payments or other benefits solely because of a change in control. However, if within 24 months following a change in control (the "Change in Control Period"), (a) Dr. Barry terminates his employment for good reason, or (b) we terminate his employment without cause, Dr. Barry will be entitled to the payments and benefits set forth in (i)-(vi) above. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we terminate Dr. Barry's employment with us prior to the date on which a change in control occurs, and it is reasonably demonstrated that Dr. Barry's (i) employment was terminated at the request of an unaffiliated third party who has taken steps reasonably calculated to effect a change in control or (ii) termination of employment otherwise arose in connection with or in anticipation of the change in control, then the "Change in Control Period" shall mean the 24 month period beginning on the date immediately prior to the date of Dr. Barry's termination of employment with the Company.
Craig Shore
We have been a party to an employment agreement with Craig Shore since November 28, 2010. On May 5, 2014, we entered into an amended and restated employment agreement with Mr. Shore, which was amended on January 5, 2015 and on July 25, 2016. The employment agreement, as amended, has an initial term that ends on April 20, 2020 and will automatically renew for additional one-year periods on April 21, 2020 and on each April 21st thereafter unless either party gives the other party written notice of its election not to extend such employment at least six months prior to the next April 21st renewal date. If a change in control occurs when less than two full years remain in the initial term or during any renewal term, the employment agreement will automatically be extended for two years from the change in control date and will terminate on the second anniversary of the change in control date.
Under the terms of the employment agreement, as amended by the second amendment to the amended and restated employment agreement, dated July 25, 2016, Mr. Shore is entitled to an annual base salary of at least $250,000. Such amount may be reduced only as part of an overall cost reduction program that affects all of our senior executives and does not disproportionately affect Mr. Shore, so long as such reduction does not reduce the base salary to a rate that is less than 90% of the amount set forth above (or 90% of the amount to which it has been increased). The base salary will be reviewed annually by our chief executive officer for increase (but not decrease, except as permitted as part of an overall cost reduction program) as part of our annual compensation review. Mr. Shore is also eligible to receive an annual bonus in an amount equal to 60% of his then-annual salary upon the achievement of reasonable target objectives and performance goals, to be determined by the board of directors in consultation with Mr. Shore. Mr. Shore is eligible to receive the percentage of his annual bonus corresponding to the percentage of his achievement of such target objectives and performance goals. The annual bonus will be reviewed annually by our chief executive officer for increase in the amount of the percentage of his then-base salary (but not decrease), as well as the criteria and the goals, as part of our annual compensation review. In addition, Mr. Shore is eligible to receive such additional bonus or incentive compensation as the board may establish from time to time in its sole discretion. Mr. Shore will also be considered for grants of equity awards each year as part of the board's annual compensation review, which will be made at the sole discretion of the board of directors. Each grant will, with respect to any awards that are options, have an exercise price equal to the fair market value of our common stock as of the date of grant, and will be subject to a three-year vesting period subject to Mr. Shore's continued service with us, with one-third of each additional grant vesting equally on the first, second, and third anniversary of the date of grant for such awards.
If during the term of the employment agreement, Mr. Shore's employment is terminated upon his death or disability, by us without cause (as such term is defined in Mr. Shore's employment agreement), or upon his resignation for "good reason" (as such term is defined in Mr. Shore's employment agreement), Mr. Shore will be entitled to receive, in addition to any amounts he is entitled to receive under the manager's insurance policy: (i) any unpaid base salary and accrued unpaid vacation or earned incentive compensation and the pro rata amount of any bonus plan incentive compensation for the fiscal year of such termination (based on the number of business days he was actually employed by us during the fiscal year of such termination and based on the percentage of the goals that he actually achieved under the bonus plan) that he would have received had his employment not been terminated; (ii) a one-time lump sum severance payment equal to 100% of his base salary, provided that he executes a release relating to employment matters and the circumstances surrounding his termination in favor of us, our subsidiaries and our officers, directors and related parties and agents, in a form reasonably acceptable to us at the time of such termination; (iii) vesting of all unvested stock options, stock appreciation rights or similar stock-based rights granted to him and immediate lapse of any risk of forfeiture included in restricted or other stock grants previously made to Mr. Shore; (iv) an extension of the exercise period of all vested stock options granted to Mr. Shore until the earlier of (a) two years from the date of termination or (b) the latest date that each stock option would otherwise expire by its original terms; (v) to the fullest extent permitted by our then-current benefit plans, continuation of health, dental, vision and life insurance coverage for the lesser of 12 months after termination or until Mr. Shore obtains coverage from a new employer; and (vi) reimbursement of up to $30,000 for executive outplacement services, subject to certain restrictions. The severance payment described in (ii) of the foregoing sentence upon Mr. Shore's death or disability will be reduced by any payments received by Mr. Shore pursuant to any of our employee welfare benefit plans providing for payments in the event of death or disability. If, during or after the term of his employment agreement, Mr. Shore's employment is terminated by us for cause or by Mr. Shore voluntarily, Mr. Shore will only be entitled to unpaid amounts owed to him (e.g., base salary, accrued vacation and earned incentive compensation through the date of such termination) and whatever rights, if any, are available to him pursuant to our stock-based compensation plan or any award documents related to any stock-based compensation.
Mr. Shore may terminate his employment for good reason by delivering a notice of termination to us 30 days in advance of the date of termination; provided, however, that Mr. Shore agreed to not terminate his employment for good reason until he has given us at least 30 days' notice from which to cure the circumstances set forth in the notice of termination constituting good reason, and if such circumstances are not cured by the 30th day, Mr. Shore's employment shall terminate on such date.
Pursuant to terms contained in Mr. Shore's stock option and restricted stock award agreements, in the event of a change of control of our company, the stock options and restricted stock granted to Mr. Shore that were unvested will vest immediately upon such change of control, in the case of stock options, if such stock options are not assumed or substituted by the surviving company.
If we terminate Mr. Shore's employment without cause, Mr. Shore will be entitled, under Israeli law, to severance payments equal to his last month's salary multiplied by the number of years Mr. Shore has been employed with us. In order to finance this obligation, we make monthly contributions equal to 8.33% of Mr. Shore's salary to a severance payment fund. The total amount accumulated in Mr. Shore's severance payment fund as of December 31, 2018 was $136,000, as adjusted for conversion from New Israeli Shekels to U.S. Dollars. However, if Mr. Shore's employment is terminated without cause, on account of a disability or upon his death, as of December 31, 2018, Mr. Shore would have been entitled to receive $178,000 in severance under Israeli law, thereby requiring us to pay Mr. Shore $42,000, in addition to releasing the $136,000 in Mr. Shore's severance payment fund. On the other hand, pursuant to his employment agreement, Mr. Shore is entitled to the total amount contributed to and accumulated in his severance payment fund in the event of the termination of his employment as a result of his voluntary resignation. In addition, Mr. Shore would be entitled to receive his full severance payment under Israeli law, including the total amount contributed to and accumulated in his severance payment fund, if he retires from our company at or after age 67.
We are entitled to terminate Mr. Shore's employment immediately at any time for "cause" (as such term is defined in the agreement and the Israeli Severance Payment Act 1963), upon which, after meeting certain requirements under the applicable law and recent Israeli Labor court requirements, we believe we will have no further obligation to compensate Mr. Shore.
Also, upon termination of Mr. Shore's employment for any reason, we will compensate him for all unused or previously uncompensated vacation days accrued.
The employment agreement also contains certain standard noncompetition, non-solicitation, confidentiality, and assignment of inventions requirements for Mr. Shore.
Mr. Shore is also entitled to participate in or receive benefits under our social insurance and benefits plans, including but not limited to our manager's insurance policy and education fund, which are customary benefits provided to executive employees in Israel. A management insurance policy is a combination of severance savings (in accordance with Israeli law), defined contribution tax-qualified pension savings and disability pension payments. An education fund is a savings fund of pre-tax contributions to be used after a specified period of time for advanced educational training and other permitted purposes, as set forth in the by-laws of the education fund. We will make periodic contributions to these insurance and social benefits plans based on certain percentages of Mr. Shore's base salary, including (i) 7.5% to the education fund and (ii) 15.83% to the manager's insurance policy, of which 8.33% will be allocated to severance pay, 5% to pension fund payments and 2.5% to disability pension payments. Upon the termination of Mr. Shore's employment for any reason other than for cause, Mr. Shore will be entitled to receive the total amount contributed to and accumulated in his manager insurance policy fund.
Agustin V. Gago
On October 24, 2016, we entered into an employment agreement with Agustin V. Gago to serve as our executive vice president and chief commercial officer. The initial term of Mr. Gago's employment was to end on October 23, 2018, unless earlier terminated or extended for additional one-year periods on October 23, 2018. On September 24, 2018, we entered into a general release and severance agreement with Mr. Gago, pursuant to which Mr. Gago's employment ceased for all positions, offices and authority with us, effective as of September 30, 2018.
Pursuant to Mr. Gago's employment agreement, Mr. Gago was entitled to an annual base salary of $275,000, which was automatically increased to $300,000, effective as of January 1, 2018. Mr. Gago was eligible to receive an annual bonus in an amount up to 50% of his then-base salary, commencing in 2017, based upon the achievement of reasonable target objectives and performance goals as may be determined by our president and chief executive officer and subject to approval of the board of directors after consultation with Mr. Gago. The target objectives were based 60% on revenue achievement, 20% on marketing objectives, and 20% on corporate objectives. In addition, in the event that Mr. Gago and his team shall exceed quarterly revenue targets determined by our president and chief executive officer and subject to approval of the board of directors after consultation with Mr. Gago, Mr. Gago was to receive additional escalating amounts included as part of the annual bonus based upon the payment scales determined by our president and chief executive officer and approved by the board of directors after consultation with Mr. Gago. Mr. Gago was entitled to a one-time bonus of $25,000, which was paid on October 31, 2016. In addition, pursuant to Mr. Gago's employment agreement, on October 24, 2016, Mr. Gago was granted (i) a stock option to purchase 385 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $65.10, vesting on the first anniversary of the date of grant (subject to forfeiture upon termination of employment); and (ii) a stock option to purchase 915 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $65.10, vesting in equal installments on the first and second anniversary of the date of grant, each subject to the terms and conditions of the InspireMD, Inc. 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan, and our form of option award agreement. Mr. Gago was also eligible to receive certain stock options or similar stock-based rights as set forth separately in those certain agreements and subject to the terms and conditions of the InspireMD, Inc. 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan.
Under Mr. Gago's employment agreement, if we had terminated Mr. Gago's employment without cause or Mr. Gago's death, Mr. Gago would be entitled to (A) any unpaid base salary accrued through the termination date, any accrued and unpaid vacation pay and any unreimbursed expenses properly incurred prior to the termination date; (B) a severance pay equal to Mr. Gago's base salary for 12 months; (C) any earned but unpaid annual bonus relating to the calendar year prior to the calendar year in which the termination date occurs; and (D) to the fullest extent permitted by our then-current benefit plans, continuation of certain insurance benefits for the lesser of 12 months after termination of employment or until Mr. Gago secures coverage from new employment.
Pursuant to the general release and severance agreement with Mr. Gago, we agreed to pay severance payments, in an amount equal to Mr. Gago's base salary Mr. Gago would have earned if he had remained employed from the September 30, 2018, through October 23, 2018, less applicable payroll deductions and tax withholdings, to be paid in equal installments in accordance with our standard payroll practices; and (ii) additional severance payments, in an amount equal to $125,000, less applicable payroll deductions and tax withholdings, to be paid in equal installments in accordance with our standard payroll practices, commencing on the first payroll date following October 23, 2018 through March 23, 2019.
Outstanding Equity Awards at December 31, The following table shows information concerning unexercised options and unvested shares of restricted stock outstanding as of December 31, 2018 for each of our named executive officers.
[BEGIN TABLE]
Option      Awards      Stock  Awards    
Option      Awards      Stock  Awards    
Name     Number                                           of securities underlying unexercised options (#)  exercisable                                      Number                                           of securities underlying unexercised options (#) unexercisable       Option exercise  price ($)     Option expiration date     Number                                           of shares of stock that have not vested (#)       Market value of shares of stock that have not vested ($)   
Name     Number                                           of securities underlying unexercised options (#)  exercisable                                      Number                                           of securities underlying unexercised options (#) unexercisable       Option exercise  price ($)     Option expiration date     Number                                           of shares of stock that have not vested (#)       Market value of shares of stock that have not vested ($)   
[END TABLE]
Option Exercises and Stock Vested 
There were no stock options exercised by our named executive officers during the twelve months ended December 31, 2018.
2011 UMBRELLA Option Plan
On March 28, 2011, our board of directors and stockholders adopted and approved the InspireMD, Inc. 2011 UMBRELLA Option Plan, which was subsequently amended on October 31, 2011 and December 21, 2012. Under the InspireMD, Inc. 2011 UMBRELLA Option Plan, we have reserved 571 shares of our common stock as awards to the employees, consultants, and service providers to InspireMD, Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates worldwide.
The InspireMD, Inc. 2011 UMBRELLA Option Plan currently consists of three components, the primary plan document that governs all awards granted under the InspireMD, Inc. 2011 UMBRELLA Option Plan, and two appendices: (i) Appendix A, designated for the purpose of grants of stock options and restricted stock awards to Israeli employees, consultants, officers and other service providers and other non-U.S. employees, consultants, and service providers, and (ii) Appendix B, which is the 2011 U.S. Equity Incentive Plan, designated for the purpose of grants of stock options and restricted stock awards to U.S. employees, consultants, and service providers who are subject to the U.S. income tax. On December 21, 2012, the stockholders approved the awarding of "incentive stock options" pursuant to the U.S. portion of the plan.
The purpose of the InspireMD, Inc. 2011 UMBRELLA Option Plan is to provide an incentive to attract and retain employees, officers, consultants, directors, and service providers whose services are considered valuable, to encourage a sense of proprietorship and to stimulate an active interest of such persons in our development and financial success. The InspireMD, Inc. 2011 UMBRELLA Option Plan is administered by our compensation committee. Unless terminated earlier by the board of directors, the InspireMD, Inc. 2011 UMBRELLA Option Plan will expire on March 27, 2021. We have 310 shares of common stock available for future issuance under our 2011 UMBRELLA Option Plan.
2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan 
On December 16, 2013, our stockholders approved the 2013 Plan, which was adopted by our board of directors on October 25, 2013.
The purpose of the 2013 Plan is to provide an incentive to attract and retain employees, officers, consultants, directors, and service providers whose services are considered valuable, to encourage a sense of proprietorship and to stimulate an active interest of such persons in our development and financial success. The 2013 Plan provides for the granting of incentive stock options, nonqualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance awards, dividend equivalent rights, and other awards, which may be granted singly, in combination, or in tandem. The 2013 Plan is administered by our compensation committee.
The 2013 Plan is intended to serve as an "umbrella" plan for us and our subsidiaries worldwide. Therefore, if so required, appendices may be added to the 2013 Plan in order to accommodate local regulations that do not correspond to the scope of the 2013 Plan. Attached as Appendix A to the 2013 Plan is the InspireMD, Inc. 2013 Employee Stock Incentive Plan, for the purpose of making grants of stock options, restricted stock, and other stock incentive awards pursuant to Sections 102 and 3(i) of the Israeli Income Tax Ordinance (New Version), 1961 to Israeli employees and officers and any other service providers or control holders of us who are subject to Israeli Income Tax.
When the 2013 Plan was adopted, a total of 571 shares of common stock were reserved for awards under the 2013 Plan.
On September 9, 2015, our stockholders approved an amendment to the 2013 Plan to increase the number of shares of common stock available for issuance pursuant to awards under the 2013 Plan by 537 shares of common stock, to a total of 1,108 shares of common stock.
On May 24, 2016, our stockholders approved the second amendment to the 2013 Plan to increase the number of shares of common stock available for issuance pursuant to awards under the 2013 Plan by 11,429 shares of common stock, to a total of 12,537 shares of common stock.
On September 28, 2016, our stockholders approved the third amendment to the 2013 Plan to increase the number of shares of common stock available for issuance pursuant to awards under the 2013 Plan by 7,200 shares of common stock, to a total of 19,737 shares of common stock.
On October 24, 2018, our stockholders approved the fourth amendment to the 2013 Plan to (i) increase the number of shares of common stock available for issuance pursuant to awards under the 2013 Plan by 8,900,000 shares of common stock, to a total of 8,919,737 shares of common stock, and (ii) remove the cap on the number of shares of common stock with respect to which stock options or stock appreciation rights may be granted to certain executive officers of the Company during any calendar year.
As of December 31, 2018, we had 8,910,610 shares of common stock available for future issuance under our 2013 Plan.
As of February 18, 2019, we had 5,473,335 shares of common stock available for future issuance under our 2013 Plan.
Equity Compensation Plan Information 
The following table provides certain information as of December 31, 2018, with respect to our equity compensation plans under which our equity securities are authorized for issuance:
[BEGIN TABLE]
Plan      Category   Number                                           of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants                                           and rights     Weighted- average                                           exercise price of outstanding options, warrants                                           and rights     Number      of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a))   
Plan      Category   Number                                           of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants                                           and rights     Weighted- average                                           exercise price of outstanding options, warrants                                           and rights     Number      of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a))   
Plan      Category   Number                                           of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants                                           and rights     Weighted- average                                           exercise price of outstanding options, warrants                                           and rights     Number      of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a))   
[END TABLE]
Change of Control Agreements 
We do not currently have any plans providing for the payment of retirement benefits to our officers or directors, other than as described under "Agreements with Executive Officers" above.
We do not currently have any change-of-control or severance agreements with any of our executive officers or directors, other than as described under "Agreements with Executive Officers" above. In the event of the termination of employment of the named executive officers, any and all unexercised stock options shall expire and no longer be exercisable after a specified time following the date of the termination, other than as described under "Agreements with Executive Officers" above.
Director Compensation
The following table shows information concerning our directors, other than James Barry, Ph.D., during the twelve months ended December 31, 2018.
For the 2018 calendar year, our board approved the following compensation for our independent directors: (i) a $40,000 stipend, payable quarterly to the chairman of the board; (ii) a $25,000 stipend, payable quarterly to the other directors; (iii) annual committee chair compensation (effective April 1, 2014) of $12,000 for the chairman of the audit committee, $8,000 for the chairman of the compensation committee and $5,000 for the chairmen of the nominating and corporate governance committee and the research and development committee; and (iv) annual committee membership compensation (effective April 1, 2014) of $4,000 for members of the audit committee and the compensation committee and $2,000 for members of the nominating and corporate governance committee and the research and development committee. The chairman of the board's annual stipend was increased in August 2018.
Directors' and Officers' Liability Insurance
We currently have directors' and officers' liability insurance insuring our directors and officers against liability for acts or omissions in their capacities as directors or officers, subject to certain exclusions. Such insurance also insures us against losses which we may incur in indemnifying our officers and directors. In addition, we have entered into indemnification agreements with key officers and directors and such persons shall also have indemnification rights under applicable laws, and our certificate of incorporation and bylaws.
PROPOSAL 2: APPROVAL OF THE INCENTIVE PLAN PROPOSAL
Our board of directors is seeking the approval of our stockholders of an amendment to the 2013 Plan, which was adopted by our board of directors on February 4, 2019, subject to stockholder approval (the "Fifth Amendment"). The 2013 Plan was originally approved by our board of directors on October 25, 2013, and by our stockholders at our annual meeting held on December 16, 2013. Under the 2013 Plan as originally adopted, we reserved a total of 5,000,000 shares of our common stock for issuance pursuant to awards under the 2013 Plan. Our board of directors subsequently amended the 2013 Plan on July 16, 2015, which amendment was approved by our stockholders on September 9, 2015, to increase the number of shares of common stock available for issuance pursuant to awards under the 2013 Plan by 4,700,000 shares, to a total of 9,700,000 shares of our common stock. On October 1, 2015, we effected a 1-for-10 reverse stock split such that, after giving effect to the reverse stock split, there were 970,000 shares of our common stock reserved for issuance pursuant to awards under the 2013 Plan. On May 24, 2016, our stockholders approved the second amendment to the 2013 Plan to increase the number of shares of common stock available for issuance pursuant to awards under the 2013 Plan by 10,000,000 shares of common stock, to a total of 10,970,000 shares of common stock. On September 28, 2016, our stockholders approved the third amendment to the 2013 Plan to further increase the number of shares of common stock available for issuance pursuant to awards under the 2013 Plan by an additional 6,300,000 shares of common stock, to a total of 17,270,000 shares of common stock. On October 7, 2016, we effected a 1-for-25 reverse stock split of our common stock such that, after giving effect to the reverse stock split, there were 690,800 shares of our common stock reserved for issuance pursuant to awards under the 2013 Plan. On February 7, 2018, we effected a 1-for-35 reverse stock split of our common stock such that, after giving effect to the reverse stock split, there were 19,737 shares of our common stock reserved for issuance pursuant to awards under the 2013 Plan. On October 24, 2018, our stockholders approved the fourth amendment to the 2013 Plan to further increase the number of shares of common stock available for issuance pursuant to awards under the 2013 Plan by an additional 8,900,000 shares of common stock, to a total of 8,919,737 shares of common stock. When adjusted to give effect to the 1-for-10 reverse stock split, the 1-for-25 reverse stock split, and the 1-for-35 reverse stock split, as applicable, the first, second, third and fourth amendments to the 2013 Plan increased the number of shares of common stock available for issuance pursuant to awards under the 2013 Plan by 537 shares, 11,429 shares, 7,200 shares, and 8,900,000 shares of our common stock, respectively.
As of February 18, 2019, out of 8,919,737 shares of our common stock reserved for issuance pursuant to awards under the 2013 Plan, there were 5,473,335 shares remaining available for future issuance under the 2013 Plan. The proposed Fifth Amendment further increases the number of shares of common stock available for issuance pursuant to awards under the 2013 Plan by an additional 25,000,000 shares, to a total of 33,919,737 shares of our common stock. In addition, the Fifth Amendment reflects certain changes to the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), upon the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 and its elimination of the corporate tax deduction for certain qualified "performance-based compensation" under Section 162(m) of the Code.
We believe that operation of the 2013 Plan is a necessary and powerful tool in attracting and retaining the services of key employees, key contractors, and outside directors in a competitive labor market, which is essential to our long-term growth and success. We also need to ensure that we can continue to provide an incentive to our current employees, contractors and outside directors, many of whom hold outstanding options that were previously awarded under the 2013 Plan with exercise prices above the current fair market value of our common stock. We have strived to use our 2013 Plan resources effectively and maintain an appropriate balance between stockholder interests and the ability to recruit and retain valuable employees. However, we believe that there is an insufficient number of shares remaining under our 2013 Plan to meet our projected needs. As a result of potential future sales of our equity securities to finance our operations and the potential issuance of up to 6,200,184 shares of our common stock in connection with our outstanding convertible securities, the number of shares issuable pursuant to the 2013 Plan relative to our fully diluted capitalization will be disproportionately low, relative to our peer companies. Moreover, having such a small percentage of our fully diluted capitalization reserved for employees and directors will impair our ability to both attract and retain key persons going forward. Accordingly, it is the judgment of our board of directors that increasing the number of shares of common stock available for issuance under the 2013 Plan pursuant to the Fifth Amendment is in the best interest of the Company and its stockholders. In addition, we believe that the Fifth Amendment to increase the number of shares of common stock available for issuance pursuant to awards under the 2013 Plan reflects best practices in our industry.
A copy of the Fifth Amendment and the 2013 Plan are included as Annex A and Annex B, respectively, to this Proxy Statement. Described below is a summary of certain key provisions of the 2013 Plan, which is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the 2013 Plan.
The board of directors recommends that the stockholders vote "FOR" the approval of the Incentive Plan Proposal (Proposal 2).
Summary of the Proposed Fifth Amendment
Our board of directors adopted the Fifth Amendment on February 4, 2019, subject to stockholder approval, to increase the number of shares of our common stock available for issuance pursuant to awards under the 2013 Plan by an additional 25,000,000 shares, to a total of 33,919,737 shares of common stock and to reflect certain changes to the Code upon the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017.
Description of the 2013 Plan
Purpose. The purpose of the 2013 Plan is to enable the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates (together, the "Group") to remain competitive and innovative in our ability to attract, motivate, reward, and retain the services of key employees, key contractors, and outside directors. The 2013 Plan provides for the granting of incentive stock options, nonqualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance awards, dividend equivalent rights, and other awards which may be granted singly, in combination, or in tandem and which may be paid in cash, shares of common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of common stock. The 2013 Plan is expected to provide flexibility to our compensation methods in order to adapt the compensation of employees, contractors, and outside directors to a changing business environment, after giving due consideration to competitive conditions and the impact of U.S. and Israeli tax laws.
The 2013 Plan consists of two components, the primary plan document which governs all awards granted under the 2013 Plan, and one sub-part appendix: Appendix A, which is the 2013 Employee Stock Incentive Plan (the "Israeli Appendix"), designated for grants of stock options, restricted stock, and other stock incentive awards to Israeli employees, consultants, officers, directors, and other service providers and to other non-U.S. employees, consultants, and service providers subject to Israeli income tax.
Effective Date and Expiration. The 2013 Plan became effective on October 25, 2013, subject to and conditioned upon stockholder approval of the 2013 Plan, and will terminate on October 25, 2023. No award may be made under the 2013 Plan after its expiration date, but awards made prior thereto may extend beyond that date in accordance with their terms and conditions.
Share Authorization. Subject to certain adjustments, the maximum number of shares of our common stock that may be delivered pursuant to awards under the 2013 Plan is currently 8,919,737 shares, 100% of which may be delivered pursuant to incentive stock options. If the Fifth Amendment is approved, the total number of shares reserved for issuance pursuant to awards under the 2013 Plan will be increased to 33,919,737, and the total number of shares available for future issuance pursuant to awards under the 2013 Plan will be increased to 30,480,435. The 2013 Plan also provides that no more than 10% of the shares of common stock that may be issued pursuant to an award under the 2013 Plan may be designated as Exempt Shares (as defined in the 2013 Plan). The compensation committee has greater flexibility to accelerate the vesting for shares designated as Exempt Shares.
Shares to be issued may be made available from authorized but unissued shares of our common stock, shares held by the Company in its treasury, or shares purchased by the Company on the open market or otherwise. During the term of the 2013 Plan, we will at all times reserve and keep enough shares available to satisfy the requirements of the 2013 Plan. If an award under the 2013 Plan is cancelled, forfeited, or expires, in whole or in part, the shares subject to such forfeited, expired, or cancelled award may again be awarded under the 2013 Plan. In the event that previously acquired shares are delivered to us in full or partial payment of the option price for the exercise of a stock option granted under the 2013 Plan, the number of shares available for future awards under the 2013 Plan shall be reduced only by the net number of shares issued upon the exercise of the stock option or settlement of an award. Awards that may be satisfied either by the issuance of common stock or by cash or other consideration shall be counted against the maximum number of shares that may be issued under the 2013 Plan only during the period that the award is outstanding or to the extent the award is ultimately satisfied by the issuance of shares. An award will not reduce the number of shares that may be issued pursuant to the 2013 Plan if the settlement of the award will not require the issuance of shares, as, for example, a stock appreciation right that can be satisfied only by the payment of cash. Only shares forfeited back to the Company; shares cancelled on account of termination, expiration, or lapse of an award; shares surrendered in payment of the option price of an option; or shares withheld for payment of applicable employment taxes and/or withholding obligations resulting from the exercise of a stock option shall again be available for grants of incentive stock options under the 2013 Plan, but shall not increase the maximum number of shares described above as the maximum number of shares that may be delivered pursuant to incentive stock options.
Administration. The 2013 Plan may be administered by our board of directors or a committee of the board of directors consisting of two or more members. The 2013 Plan is currently administered by the compensation committee of our board of directors. The compensation committee will determine the persons to whom awards are to be made; determine the type, size, and terms of awards; interpret the 2013 Plan; establish and revise rules and regulations relating to the 2013 Plan; and make any other determinations that it believes are necessary for the administration of the 2013 Plan. To assure the viability of awards granted to participants employed in foreign countries, the compensation committee may provide for such special terms as it may consider necessary or appropriate to accommodate differences in local law, tax policy, or custom. Moreover, the compensation committee may approve such supplements to, or amendments, restatements, or alternative versions of, the 2013 Plan as the compensation committee determines is necessary or appropriate for such purposes. Any such amendment, restatement, or alternative versions that the compensation committee approves for purposes of using the 2013 Plan in a foreign country will not affect the terms of the 2013 Plan for any other country. The compensation committee may delegate certain duties to one or more officers of the Company as provided in the 2013 Plan.
Eligibility. Employees (including any employee who is also a director or an officer), contractors, and outside directors of the Group whose judgment, initiative and efforts contributed to or may be expected to contribute to the successful performance of the Group are eligible to participate in the 2013 Plan. As of February 18, 2019, there were approximately 47 employees, directors, and contractors who would be eligible for awards under the 2013 Plan.
Stock Options. For persons subject to U.S. income tax, the compensation committee may grant either incentive stock options ("ISOs") qualifying under Section 422 of the Code or nonqualified stock options, provided that only employees of the Company and its subsidiaries (excluding subsidiaries that are not corporations) are eligible to receive ISOs. Stock options may not be granted with an option price less than 100% of the fair market value of a share of common stock on the date the stock option is granted. If an ISO is granted to an employee who owns or is deemed to own more than 10% of the combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company (or any parent or subsidiary), the option price shall be at least 110% of the fair market value of a share of common stock on the date of grant. The compensation committee will determine the terms of each stock option at the time of grant, including, without limitation, the methods by or forms in which shares will be delivered to participants. The maximum term of each option, the times at which each option will be exercisable, and provisions requiring forfeiture of unexercised options at or following termination of employment or service generally are fixed by the compensation committee, except that the compensation committee may not grant stock options with a term exceeding ten years, or in the case of an ISO granted to an employee who owns or is deemed to own 10% or more of the combined voting power of all classes of our stock (or any parent or subsidiary), a term exceeding five years.
Recipients of stock options may pay the option price (i) in cash, check, bank draft, or money order payable to the order of the Company; (ii) by delivering to us shares of common stock (including restricted stock) already owned by the participant having a fair market value equal to the aggregate option price and that the participant has not acquired from us within six months prior to the exercise date; (iii) by delivering to us or our designated agent an executed irrevocable option exercise form together with irrevocable instructions from the participant to a broker or dealer, reasonably acceptable to us, to sell certain of the shares purchased upon the exercise of the option or to pledge such shares to the broker as collateral for a loan from the broker and to deliver to us the amount of sale or loan proceeds necessary to pay the purchase price; or (iv) by any other form of valid consideration that is acceptable to the compensation committee in its sole discretion.
Stock Appreciation Rights. The compensation committee is authorized to grant stock appreciation rights ("SARs") as a stand-alone award, or freestanding SARs, or in conjunction with options granted under the 2013 Plan, or tandem SARs. SARs entitle a participant to receive an amount, in cash, shares, or a combination of both, equal to the excess of the fair market value of a share of common stock on the date of exercise over the fair market value of a share of common stock on the date of grant. The grant price of a SAR cannot be less than 100% of the fair market value of a share of common stock on the date of grant. The compensation committee will determine the terms of each SAR at the time of the grant, including, without limitation, the methods by or forms in which shares will be delivered to participants. The maximum term of each SAR, the times at which each SAR will be exercisable, and provisions requiring forfeiture of unexercised SARs at or following termination of employment or service generally are fixed by the compensation committee, except that no freestanding SAR may have a term exceeding ten years and no tandem SAR may have a term exceeding the term of the option granted in conjunction with the tandem SAR. The compensation committee, in its sole discretion, may place a ceiling on the amount payable upon exercise of a SAR, but any such limitation shall be specified at the time that the SAR is granted.
Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units. The compensation committee is authorized to grant restricted stock and restricted stock units. Restricted stock consists of shares of common stock that may not be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned, hypothecated, encumbered, or otherwise disposed of, and that may be forfeited in the event of certain terminations of employment or service, prior to the end of a restricted period as specified by the compensation committee. Restricted stock units are the right to receive shares of common stock at a future date in accordance with the terms of such grant upon the attainment of certain conditions specified by the compensation committee, which include a substantial risk of forfeiture and restrictions on their sale or other transfer by the participant. The compensation committee determines the eligible participants to whom, and the time or times at which, grants of restricted stock or restricted stock units will be made, the number of shares or units to be granted, the price to be paid, if any, the time or times within which the shares covered by such grants will be subject to forfeiture, the time or times at which the restrictions will terminate, and all other terms and conditions of the grants. Restrictions or conditions could include, but are not limited to, the attainment of performance goals (as described below), continuous service with us, the passage of time, or other restrictions and conditions.
Dividend Equivalent Rights. The compensation committee is authorized to grant a dividend equivalent right to any participant either as a component of another award or as a separate award, conferring on the participant the right to receive credits based on the cash dividends that would have been paid on the shares of common stock specified in the grant if such shares were held by the participant to whom the grant is made. The terms and conditions of the dividend equivalent right shall be specified by the grant. Dividend equivalents credited to the holder of a dividend equivalent right may be paid currently or may be deemed to be reinvested in additional shares of common stock. Any such reinvestment shall be at the fair market value at the time thereof. A dividend equivalent right may be settled in cash, shares, or a combination thereof.
Performance Awards. The compensation committee may grant performance awards of cash, shares of common stock, units, or rights based upon, payable in, or otherwise related to shares of our common stock. Payment will be contingent upon achieving pre-established performance goals (as described below) by the end of the performance period. The compensation committee will determine the length of the performance period, the maximum payment value of an award, and the minimum performance goals required before payment will be made, so long as such provisions are not inconsistent with the terms of the 2013 Plan, and to the extent an award is subject to Section 409A of the Code, are in compliance with the applicable requirements of Section 409A of the Code and any applicable regulations or guidance. In addition, to the extent we intended for Section 162(m) of the Code to apply to any Grandfathered Awards (as defined in the Million Dollar Deduction Limit and Other Tax Matters section below), no participant has received in any calendar year Grandfathered Awards with an aggregate value of more than five million dollars ($5,000,000), based on the fair market value of shares of our common stock at the time such awards were granted. In certain circumstances, the compensation committee may, in its discretion, determine that the amount payable with respect to certain performance awards will be reduced from the amount of any potential awards. However, the compensation committee may not, in any event, increase the amount of compensation payable to an individual upon the attainment of a performance goal intended to satisfy the requirements of Section 162(m) of the Code. With respect to a performance award that is not intended to satisfy the requirements of Section 162(m), if the compensation committee determines, in its sole discretion, that the established performance measures or objectives are no longer suitable because of a change in our business, operations, corporate structure, or for other reasons that the compensation committee deemed satisfactory, the compensation committee may modify the performance measures or objectives and/or the performance period.
Performance Goals. Awards of restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance awards, and other awards (whether relating to cash or shares of common stock) under the 2013 Plan may be made subject to the attainment of performance goals relating to one or more business criteria which, where applicable, shall be within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code (i.e., Grandfathered Awards) and consist of one or more or any combination of the following criteria ("Performance Criteria"): cash flow; cost; revenues; sales; ratio of debt to debt plus equity; net borrowing, credit quality or debt ratings; profit before tax; economic profit; earnings before interest and taxes; earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization; gross margin; earnings per share (whether on a pre-tax, after-tax, operational or other basis); operating earnings; capital expenditures; expenses or expense levels; economic value added; ratio of operating earnings to capital spending or any other operating ratios; free cash flow; net profit; net sales; net asset value per share; the accomplishment of mergers, acquisitions, dispositions, public offerings or similar extraordinary business transactions; sales growth; price of our common stock; return on assets, equity or stockholders' equity; market share; inventory levels, inventory turn or shrinkage; or total return to stockholders. Any Performance Criteria may be used to measure our performance as a whole or any business unit of the Company and may be measured relative to a peer group or index. Any Performance Criteria may include or exclude (i) extraordinary, unusual, and/or non-recurring items of gain or loss; (ii) gains or losses on the disposition of a business; (iii) changes in tax or accounting regulations or laws; (iv) the effect of a merger or acquisition, as identified in our quarterly and annual earnings releases; or (v) other similar occurrences. In all other respects, Performance Criteria shall be calculated in accordance with our financial statements, under generally accepted accounting principles, or under a methodology established by the compensation committee prior to the issuance of an award, which is consistently applied and identified in the Company's audited financial statements, including in footnotes, or the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section of the Company's annual report. However, to the extent Section 162(m) of the Code is applicable to a Grandfathered Award, the compensation committee may not in any event increase the amount of compensation payable to an individual upon the attainment of a Performance Goal.
Other Awards. The compensation committee may grant other forms of awards, based upon, payable in, or otherwise related to, in whole or in part, shares of our common stock, if the compensation committee determines that such other form of award is consistent with the purpose and restrictions of the 2013 Plan. The terms and conditions of such other form of award shall be specified by the grant. Such other awards may be granted for no cash consideration, for such minimum consideration as may be required by applicable law, or for such other consideration as may be specified by the grant.
Israeli Awards. For persons subject to the Israeli Income Tax Ordinance (the "Ordinance"), the compensation committee is authorized to grant stock options pursuant to the terms of the Israeli Appendix. The compensation committee may grant (i) options under Section 102 of the Ordinance ("Section 102 Options") to employees, officers, and directors (excluding Controlling Members, as defined below) and (ii) options under Section 3(i) of the Ordinance ("Section 3(i) Options") to controlling members as defined in the Ordinance (holding more than 10% of the Company's outstanding voting shares of common stock) (the "Controlling Members"), consultants and other service providers with no employer/employee relationship with the Group and who are not office holders. The compensation committee may designate Section 102 Options as "Approved 102 Options," for which the options and shares upon exercise must be held in trust and granted through a trustee, and as "Unapproved 102 Options," for which the options and shares upon exercise do not have to be held in trust. As described further below, the determination of the compensation committee as to the taxation route of the incentive, the type of option, and the duration of time the option and shares upon exercise are held in trust will determine the tax consequences to the participant. Of the Approved 102 Options, the compensation committee may grant options as "Work Income Options," for which the options and shares upon exercise must be held in trust for 12 months from the date of grant, or as "Capital Gain Options," for which the options and shares upon exercise must be held in trust for 24 months from the date of grant. If the requirements of the Approved 102 Options are not met, the options are regarded as Unapproved 102 Options. Section 3(i) Options and the shares upon exercise may be held in trust as well, depending upon the agreement between the compensation committee, optionee, and the trustee of the trust.
Israeli participants can be granted other type of options under the 2013 Plan, but some of them will require a pre-ruling from the Israeli Tax Authorities in order to be deemed Approved 102 Options. In addition, the compensation committee is authorized to grant restricted stock and other stock incentives subject to restrictions as specified by the compensation committee. The compensation committee may grant such incentives under (i) Section 102 of the Ordinance ("Section 102 Incentives") to employees, officers, and directors (excluding Controlling Members) and (ii) under Section 3(i) of the Ordinance ("Section 3(i) Incentives") to Controlling Members, consultants and other service providers with no employer/employee relationship with the Group and who are not office holders.
Vesting, Forfeiture, Assignment. The compensation committee, in its sole discretion, may determine that an award will be immediately vested in whole or in part, or that all or any portion may not be vested until a date, or dates, subsequent to its date of grant, or until the occurrence of one or more specified events, subject in any case to the terms of the 2013 Plan. If the compensation committee imposes conditions upon vesting, then, except as otherwise provided below, subsequent to the date of grant, the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, accelerate the date on which all or any portion of the award may be vested. "Full Value Awards" (i.e., restricted stock or restricted stock units) that constitute performance awards must vest no earlier than one year after the date of grant, and Full Value Awards that are payable upon the completion of future services must vest no earlier than over the three-year period commencing on the date of grant. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, accelerate the vesting or waive any applicable restriction period for such Full Value Awards, provided that the shares of common stock subject to such awards shall be Exempt Shares, unless such acceleration or waiver occurs by reason of the participant's death, disability, retirement, or occurrence of a change in control. The number of Exempt Shares is limited to 10% of the number of shares available for issuance under the 2013 Plan. For stock options granted pursuant to the Israeli Appendix, unless otherwise provided in an award agreement, the options are subject to the following default vesting provisions: 1/4 of the optioned shares shall vest annually over a four-year period, beginning with the first anniversary of the date of grant.
The compensation committee may impose on any award at the time of grant or thereafter, such additional terms and conditions as the compensation committee determines, including, without limitation, terms requiring forfeiture of awards in the event of a participant's termination of service. The compensation committee will specify the circumstances on which performance awards may be forfeited in the event of a termination of service by a participant prior to the end of a performance period or settlement of awards. Except as otherwise determined by the compensation committee, restricted stock will be forfeited upon a participant's termination of service during the applicable restriction period. For stock options granted pursuant to the Israeli Appendix, unless otherwise provided in an award agreement, the options are subject to the following forfeiture provisions: (i) upon any termination of service, all unvested optioned shares are forfeited; (ii) upon a voluntary termination of service by a participant, vested optioned shares terminate 30 days following the date of the termination of service; (iii) upon an involuntary termination of service by us other than for "cause" (as defined in the Israeli Appendix), vested optioned shares terminate 60 days following the date of the termination of service; (iv) upon a termination of service due to disability or the Participant's retirement with our consent, vested optioned shares terminate one year following the date of such termination of service; (v) upon a termination of service due to death, vested optioned shares terminate two years from the date of death; and (vi) upon an involuntary termination of service by us for "cause" (as defined in the Israeli Appendix), all optioned shares, including vested optioned shares, terminate immediately.
Awards granted under the 2013 Plan generally are not assignable or transferable except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, except that the compensation committee may, in its discretion and pursuant to the terms of an award agreement, permit transfers of nonqualified stock options or SARs to (i) the spouse (or former spouse), children or grandchildren of the participant ("Immediate Family Members"); (ii) a trust or trusts for the exclusive benefit of such Immediate Family Members; (iii) a partnership in which the only partners are (1) such Immediate Family Members and/or (2) entities which are controlled by Immediate Family Members; (iv) an entity exempt from federal income tax pursuant to Section 501(c)(3) of the Code or any successor provision; or (v) a split interest trust or pooled income fund described in Section 2522(c)(2) of the Code or any successor provision, provided that (x) there shall be no consideration for any such transfer, (y) the applicable award agreement pursuant to which such award is granted must be approved by the compensation committee and must expressly provide for such transferability and (z) subsequent transfers of transferred awards shall be prohibited except those by will or the laws of descent and distribution.
Adjustments Upon Changes in Capitalization. In the event that any dividend or other distribution (whether in the form of cash, common stock, other securities, or other property), recapitalization, stock split, reverse stock split, rights offering, reorganization, merger, consolidation, split-up, spin-off, split-off, combination, subdivision, repurchase, or exchange of shares of common stock or other securities of the Company, issuance of warrants or other rights to purchase shares of common stock or other securities of the Company, or other similar corporate transaction or event affects the fair value of an award, then the compensation committee shall adjust any or all of the following so that the fair value of the award immediately after the transaction or event is equal to the fair value of the award immediately prior to the transaction or event (i) the number of shares and type of common stock (or the securities or property) which thereafter may be made the subject of awards; (ii) the number of shares and type of common stock (or other securities or property) subject to outstanding awards; (iii) the number of shares and type of common stock (or other securities or property) specified as the annual per-participant limitation under the 2013 Plan; (iv) the exercise price of each outstanding award; (v) the amount, if any, we pay for forfeited shares in accordance with the terms of the 2013 Plan; and (vi) the number of or exercise price of shares then subject to outstanding SARs previously granted and unexercised under the 2013 Plan to the end that the same proportion of our issued and outstanding shares common stock in each instance shall remain subject to exercise at the same aggregate exercise price; provided however, that the number of shares of common stock (or other securities or property) subject to any award shall always be a whole number. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no such adjustment shall be made or authorized to the extent that such adjustment would cause the 2013 Plan or any stock option to violate Section 422 of the Code or Section 409A of the Code. All such adjustments must be made in accordance with the rules of any securities exchange, stock market, or stock quotation system to which we are subject.
Amendment or Discontinuance of the 2013 Plan. The board of directors may at any time and from time to time, without the consent of the participants, alter, amend, revise, suspend, or discontinue the 2013 Plan in whole or in part, except that no amendment for which stockholder approval is required either: (i) by any securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system on which our common stock is listed or traded, or (ii) in order for the 2013 Plan and incentives awarded under the 2013 Plan to continue to comply with Sections 162(m) (but only for any Grandfathered Awards), 421, and 422 of the Code, including any successors to such Sections, or other applicable law, shall be effective unless such amendment is approved by the requisite vote of our stockholders entitled to vote thereon. Any amendments made shall, to the extent deemed necessary or advisable by the compensation committee, be applicable to any outstanding awards theretofore granted under the 2013 Plan, notwithstanding any contrary provisions contained in any award agreement. In the event of any such amendment to the 2013 Plan, the holder of any award outstanding under the 2013 Plan shall, upon request of the compensation committee and as a condition to the exercisability thereof, execute a conforming amendment in the form prescribed by the compensation committee to any award agreement relating thereto. Notwithstanding anything contained in the 2013 Plan to the contrary, unless required by law, no action regarding amendment or discontinuance shall adversely affect any rights of participants or obligations of the Company to participants with respect to any awards granted under the 2013 Plan without the consent of the affected participant.
U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences 
The following is a brief summary of certain U.S. federal income tax consequences relating to the transactions described under the 2013 Plan as set forth below. This summary does not purport to address all aspects of U.S. federal income taxation and does not describe state, local, or foreign tax consequences. This discussion is based upon provisions of the Code and the Treasury Regulations issued thereunder, and judicial and administrative interpretations under the Code and the Treasury Regulations, all as in effect as of the date hereof, and all of which are subject to change (possibly on a retroactive basis) or different interpretation.
Law Affecting Deferred Compensation. In 2004, Section 409A was added to the Code to regulate all types of deferred compensation. If the requirements of Section 409A of the Code are not satisfied, deferred compensation and earnings thereon will be subject to tax as it vests, plus an interest charge at the underpayment rate plus 1% and a 20% penalty tax. Certain performance awards, stock options, SARs, restricted stock units, and certain types of restricted stock are subject to Section 409A of the Code.
Incentive Stock Options. A participant will not recognize income at the time an ISO is granted. When a participant exercises an ISO, a participant also generally will not be required to recognize income (either as ordinary income or capital gain). However, to the extent that the fair market value (determined as of the date of grant) of the shares with respect to which the participant's ISOs are exercisable for the first time during any year exceeds $100,000, the ISOs for the shares over $100,000 will be treated as nonqualified stock options, and not ISOs, for U.S. federal tax purposes, and the participant will recognize income as if the ISOs were nonqualified stock options. In addition to the foregoing, if the fair market value of the shares received upon exercise of an ISO exceeds the exercise price, then the excess may be deemed a tax preference adjustment for purposes of the U.S. federal alternative minimum tax calculation. The federal alternative minimum tax may produce significant tax repercussions depending upon the participant's particular tax status.
The tax treatment of any shares acquired by exercise of an ISO will depend upon whether the participant disposes of his or her shares prior to the later of: two years after the date the ISO was granted or one year after the shares were transferred to the participant (referred to as, the "Holding Period"). If a participant disposes of shares acquired by exercise of an ISO after the expiration of the Holding Period, any amount received in excess of the participant's tax basis for such shares will be treated as a short-term or long-term capital gain, depending upon how long the participant has held the shares. If the amount received is less than the participant's tax basis for such shares, the loss will be treated as a short-term or long-term capital loss, depending upon how long the participant has held the shares.
If the participant disposes of shares acquired by exercise of an ISO prior to the expiration of the Holding Period, the disposition will be considered a "disqualifying disposition." If the amount received for the shares is greater than the fair market value of the shares on the exercise date, then the difference between the ISO's exercise price and the fair market value of the shares at the time of exercise will be treated as ordinary income for the tax year in which the "disqualifying disposition" occurs. The participant's basis in the shares will be increased by an amount equal to the amount treated as ordinary income due to such "disqualifying disposition." In addition, the amount received in such "disqualifying disposition" over the participant's increased basis in the shares will be treated as capital gain. However, if the price received for shares acquired by exercise of an ISO is less than the fair market value of the shares on the exercise date and the disposition is a transaction in which the participant sustains a loss which otherwise would be recognizable under the Code, then the amount of ordinary income that the participant will recognize is the excess, if any, of the amount realized on the "disqualifying disposition" over the basis of the shares.
Nonqualified Stock Options. A participant generally will not recognize income at the time a nonqualified stock option is granted. When a participant exercises a nonqualified stock option, the difference between the option price and any higher market value of the shares of common stock on the date of exercise will be treated as compensation taxable as ordinary income to the participant. The participant's tax basis for the shares acquired under a nonqualified stock option will be equal to the option price paid for such shares, plus any amounts included in the participant's income as compensation. When a participant disposes of shares acquired by exercise of a nonqualified stock option, any amount received in excess of the participant's tax basis for such shares will be treated as short-term or long-term capital gain, depending upon how long the participant has held the shares. If the amount received is less than the participant's tax basis for such shares, the loss will be treated as a short-term or long-term capital loss, depending upon how long the participant has held the shares.
Special Rule if Option Price is Paid for in Shares. If a participant pays the option price of a nonqualified stock option with previously-owned shares of our common stock and the transaction is not a disqualifying disposition of shares previously acquired under an ISO, the shares received equal to the number of shares surrendered are treated as having been received in a tax-free exchange. The participant's tax basis and holding period for these shares received will be equal to the participant's tax basis and holding period for the shares surrendered. The shares received in excess of the number of shares surrendered will be treated as compensation taxable as ordinary income to the participant to the extent of such shares' fair market value. The participant's tax basis in such shares will be equal to their fair market value on the date of exercise, and the participant's holding period for such shares will begin on the date of exercise.
If the use of previously acquired shares to pay the exercise price of a nonqualified stock option constitutes a disqualifying disposition of shares previously acquired under an ISO, the participant will have ordinary income as a result of the disqualifying disposition in an amount equal to the excess of the fair market value of the shares surrendered, determined at the time such shares were originally acquired on exercise of the ISO, over the aggregate option price paid for such shares. As discussed above, a disqualifying disposition of shares previously acquired under an ISO occurs when the participant disposes of such shares before the end of the Holding Period. The other tax results from paying the exercise price with previously-owned shares are as described above, except that the participant's tax basis in the shares that are treated as having been received in a tax-free exchange will be increased by the amount of ordinary income recognized by the participant as a result of the disqualifying disposition.
Restricted Stock. A participant who receives a grant of restricted stock generally will recognize as ordinary income the excess, if any, of the fair market value of the shares granted as restricted stock at such time as the shares are no longer subject to forfeiture or restrictions, over the amount paid, if any, by the participant for such shares. However, a participant who receives restricted stock may make an election under Section 83(b) of the Code within 30 days of the date of transfer of the shares to recognize ordinary income on the date of transfer of the shares equal to the excess of the fair market value of such shares (determined without regard to the restrictions on such shares) over the purchase price, if any, of such shares. If a participant does not make an election under Section 83(b) of the Code, then the participant will recognize as ordinary income any dividends received with respect to such shares. At the time of the sale of such shares, any gain or loss realized by the participant will be treated as either short-term or long-term capital gain (or loss) depending on the holding period. For purposes of determining any gain or loss realized, the participant's tax basis will be the amount previously taxable as ordinary income, plus the purchase price paid by the participant, if any, for such shares.
Stock Appreciation Rights. Generally, a participant who receives a stand-alone SAR will not recognize taxable income at the time the stand-alone SAR is granted, provided that the SAR is exempt from or complies with Section 409A of the Code. If an employee receives the appreciation inherent in the SARs in cash, the cash will be taxed as ordinary income to the recipient at the time it is received. If a recipient receives the appreciation inherent in the SARs in stock, the spread between the then current market value and the grant price, if any, will be taxed as ordinary income to the employee at the time it is received. In general, there will be no U.S. federal income tax deduction allowed to us upon the grant or termination of SARs. However, upon the exercise of a SAR, we will be entitled to a deduction equal to the amount of ordinary income the recipient is required to recognize as a result of the exercise.
Other Awards. In the case of an award of restricted stock units, performance awards, dividend equivalent rights, or other stock or cash awards, the recipient will generally recognize ordinary income in an amount equal to any cash received and the fair market value of any shares received on the date of payment or delivery, provided that the award is exempt from or complies with Section 409A of the Code. In that taxable year, we will receive a U.S. federal income tax deduction in an amount equal to the ordinary income which the participant has recognized.
U.S. Federal Tax Withholding. Any ordinary income realized by a participant upon the exercise of an award under the 2013 Plan is subject to withholding of U.S. federal, state, and local income tax and to withholding of the participant's share of tax under the Federal Insurance Contribution Act and the Federal Unemployment Tax Act. To satisfy federal income tax withholding requirements, we will have the right to require that, as a condition to delivery of any certificate for shares of common stock or the registration of the shares in the participant's name, the participant remit to us an amount sufficient to satisfy the withholding requirements. Such payment may be made by (i) the delivery of cash to us in an amount that equals or exceeds (to avoid the issuance of fractional shares under (iii) below) the required tax withholding payment; (ii) if we, in our sole discretion, so consent in writing, the actual delivery by the participant to us of shares of common stock that the participant has not acquired from us within six months prior to the date of exercise, which shares so delivered have an aggregate fair market value that equals or exceeds (to avoid the issuance of fractional shares under (iii) below) the required tax withholding payment; (iii) if we, in our sole discretion, so consent in writing, our withholding of a number of shares to be delivered upon the exercise of a stock option, which shares so withheld have an aggregate fair market value that equals (but does not exceed) the required tax withholding payment; or (iv) any combination of (i), (ii), or (iii). We also may, in our sole discretion, withhold any such taxes from any other cash remuneration otherwise paid by us to the participant.
Withholding does not represent an increase in the participant's total income tax obligation, since it is fully credited toward his or her tax liability for the year. Additionally, withholding does not affect the participant's tax basis in the shares. Compensation income realized and tax withheld will be reflected on Forms W-2 supplied by us to employees by January 31 of the succeeding year. Deferred compensation that is subject to Section 409A of the Code will be subject to certain federal income tax withholding and reporting requirements.
Tax Consequences to the Company. To the extent that a participant recognizes ordinary income in the circumstances described above, we will be entitled to a corresponding deduction provided that, among other things, the income meets the test of reasonableness, is an ordinary and necessary business expense, is not an "excess parachute payment" within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code, and is not disallowed by the $1,000,000 limitation on certain executive compensation under Section 162(m) of the Code.
Million Dollar Deduction Limit and Other Tax Matters. We may not deduct compensation of more than $1,000,000 that is paid to "covered employees" (as defined in Section 162(m) of the Code), which include (i) an individual (or, in certain circumstances, his or her beneficiaries) who, at any time during the taxable year, is either our principal executive officer or principal financial officer; (ii) an individual who is among our three highest compensated officers for the taxable year (other than an individual who was either our principal executive officer or principal financial officer at any time during the taxable year); or (iii) anyone who was a covered employee for purposes of Section 162(m) of the Code for any tax year beginning on or after January 1, 2017. This limitation on deductions (x) only applies to compensation paid by a publicly-traded corporation (and not compensation paid by non-corporate entities) and (z) may not apply to certain types of compensation, such as qualified performance-based compensation that is payable pursuant to a written, binding contract that was in effect as of November 2, 2017 (each, a "Grandfathered Award"), so long as the contract is not materially modified after that date. To the extent that compensation is payable pursuant to a Grandfathered Award, and if we determine that Section 162(m) of the Code will apply to such Grandfathered Award, the Company intends to interpret and operate the 2013 Plan so that the terms of the Grandfathered Award will not be materially modified and will be constructed so as to constitute qualified performance-based compensation and, as such, will be exempt from the $1,000,000 limitation on deductible compensation.
If an individual's rights under the 2013 Plan are accelerated as a result of a change in control and the individual is a "disqualified individual" under Section 280G of the Code, the value of any such accelerated rights received by such individual may be included in determining whether or not such individual has received an "excess parachute payment" under Section 280G of the Code, which could result in (i) the imposition of a 20% federal excise tax (in addition to federal income tax) payable by the individual on the value of such accelerated rights; and (ii) the loss by us of a compensation deduction.
Israeli Income Tax Consequences
The following description of the Israel income tax consequences of awards under the Israeli Appendix of the 2013 Plan is general and does not purport to be complete.
Pursuant to the current Section 102 of the Ordinance, which came into effect on January 1, 2003, options, shares and other securities (including restricted shares) (together "Options") may be granted through a trustee (i.e., Approved 102 Options) or not through a trustee (i.e., Unapproved 102 Options). The following is a brief discussion of the tax consequences applicable to both types of Section 102 Options.
Grant Through a Trustee. Options granted through a trustee and held in trust are made either through the capital gains tax track (i.e., Capital Gains Options) or the compensation income tax track (i.e., Work Income Options). Capital Gains Options and Work Income Options can be granted only through a trustee. Under the capital gains tax track, the Capital Gains Options and the underlying shares have to be held in trust for at least 24 months from their date of grant. Any gain made on the sale of shares following the 24-month period is subject to a capital gains tax at a current rate of 25%; the amount of gain is the difference between the sales proceeds from the sale of shares and the exercise price paid for such shares. Generally, Capital Gains Options are not taxed on their date of grant. However, in the event that the exercise price of the options is less than the fair market value of our common stock on the date of grant, a portion of the gain will be deemed compensation income, taxable at the personal marginal tax rate of the participant. The payment of such tax is made at the time of exercise of the Capital Gains Options. The portion of the gain that is deemed compensation income is the difference between the average value of the shares as listed on the stock exchange during the 30-day period prior to the date of grant and the exercise price of the option. If the Capital Gains Options or the underlying shares of such options are sold by the trustee or transferred from the trustee to the beneficiary before the end of the 24-month period, any resulting income (cash or equivalent) is taxed as compensation income. If the options have not been exercised and transferred from the trustee to the beneficiary, the taxable amount of income is the value of the option. If the options have been exercised, the taxable amount of income is the difference between the aggregate fair market value of the shares at the time of such sale or transfer and the aggregate exercise price paid for such shares.
Under the compensation income tax track, the Work Income Options and the underlying shares have to be held in trust for at least 12 months from their date of grant. Any gain made on the sale of shares is subject to compensation income tax at the personal marginal tax rate of the respective participant; the amount of gain is the difference between the sales proceeds from the sale of shares and the exercise price paid for such shares. Work Income Options are not taxed on their date of grant, but rather when the options or the underlying shares of such options are sold by the trustee or transferred from the trustee to the beneficiary. At such time, if the options have not been exercised, the taxable amount of income is the value of the option. If the options have been exercised, the taxable amount of income is the difference between the aggregate fair market value of the shares at the time of such sale or transfer and the aggregate exercise price paid for such shares.
A corporate tax deduction is available for the employer in the tax year in which tax is withheld. The deductible amount is equal to any amount included by a participant as compensation income, except when a participant is granted Capital Gains Options, including in the event that such Capital Gains Options or the underlying shares of such options are sold by the trustee or transferred from the trustee to the beneficiary before the end of the applicable 24-month period. In such event, any resulting income to the participant is deemed to be compensation income for tax purposes, but there would be no corresponding corporate tax deduction available to the employer.
Grant Not Through a Trustee. In the case of options not made through a trustee, if the shares are non-marketable securities, the option will not be subject to tax at the date of grant of the option or the exercise of the option. However, ordinary income tax will be payable upon the sale of the shares acquired upon exercise of the option. The taxable amount will be the sales proceeds less the aggregate exercise price paid by the participant. If the shares covered by the option have a market value, then the value of the option is treated as compensation income, and subject to tax at the date of grant. There is no tax upon the exercise of the option. However, capital gains tax will be payable on the sale of the shares upon exercise of the option. The taxable amount will be the sales proceeds, less the value that was taxed at the date of grant and the aggregate exercise price paid by the participant.
Grant of Section 3(i) Options. Options under Section 3(i) of the Ordinance may be granted to Controlling Members, consultants, service providers and controlling stockholders (which are excluded from the term employees under Section 102 of the Ordinance). Grants of options for shares which are non-marketable are not taxed under the income tax rules on the date of grant, but such event creates VAT liability. However, they are subject to tax at the time of exercise at the ordinary income tax rate, and at the day such shares or sold at the capital gains tax rate. The difference between the fair market value of the shares at the time of exercise and the exercise price is taxed at the ordinary income tax rate. Any gain above such value at the time of sale of the shares is taxed at the capital gains rate. Grants of options for shares which have a market value are subject to tax on the date of grant, exercise of the option, and the sale of the shares. The value of the option is taxed on the date of grant at the ordinary income tax rate. The difference between the fair market value of the shares at the time of exercise and the sum of the exercise price and the amounts previously taxed at grant, is taxed at the ordinary income tax rate. Any gain above such value at the time of sale of the shares is taxed at the capital gains rate.
Restricted Stock. In the event that restricted stock is issued under Section 102 of the Ordinance and held with a trustee, the tax treatment to the stockholder will be the same as that of Approved 102 Options. If restricted stock is granted under Section 102 of the Ordinance without being held by a trustee, or through the Section 3(i) of the Ordinance, the stockholder will have to get a tax ruling from the Israeli Tax Authority for the postponement of the tax event arising from the issuance of the restricted stock, from the restricted stock issuance date to the date when the restriction on the restricted stock is removed, otherwise it might cause an immediate tax event to the stockholder with an immediate withholding tax obligation of the Company.
Other Stock Incentives. All other incentives under the Israeli Plan need a tax ruling from the Israeli Tax Authority for the postponement of the tax event arising from the issuance thereof. Otherwise there is an immediate tax event.
Interest of Directors and Executive Officers.
All members of our board of directors and all of our executive officers are eligible for awards under the 2013 Plan and, thus, have a personal interest in the approval of the Fifth Amendment.
New Plan Benefits
With respect to the increased number of shares reserved under the 2013 Plan pursuant to the Fifth Amendment, we cannot currently determine the benefits or number of shares subject to awards that may be granted in the future to eligible participants under the 2013 Plan because the grant of awards and terms of such awards are to be determined in the sole discretion of the compensation committee.
The market value of our common stock is $0.20 per share based on the closing price of our common stock on February 15, 2019.
Effect of Approval of the Reverse Stock Split Proposal (Proposal 3)
If stockholders approve the Reverse Stock Split Proposal (Proposal 3), which would authorize the board of directors, in its discretion, to amend our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to effect a reverse stock split of our issued and outstanding common stock at a ratio in the range of 1-for-25 to 1-for-50, such ratio to be determined by the board of directors, then, effective upon such reverse stock split, the 25,000,000 shares proposed to be added by the Fifth Amendment would be reduced to between 500,000 and 1,000,000 shares, and after giving effect to the Fifth Amendment, the total shares authorized under the 2013 Plan would be reduced to between 678,395 and 1,356,789 shares.
Vote Required
Pursuant to Section 711 of the NYSE American Company Guide, the Incentive Plan Proposal (Proposal 2) must be approved by a majority of the votes cast on such proposal with abstentions counting as votes cast. Therefore, the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of our voting securities represented in person or by proxy at the Special Meeting entitled to vote on such proposal that cast a vote for, against or abstain from such proposal is required for the approval of the Incentive Plan Proposal (Proposal 2).
[BEGIN TABLE]
  The          board of directors recommends a vote FOR the approval of the Incentive Plan Proposal (Proposal 2).   
  The          board of directors recommends a vote FOR the approval of the Incentive Plan Proposal (Proposal 2).   
  The          board of directors recommends a vote FOR the approval of the Incentive Plan Proposal (Proposal 2).   
[END TABLE]
PROPOSAL 3: APPROVAL OF THE REVERSE STOCK SPLIT PROPOSAL
General
On February 4, 2019, our board of directors unanimously adopted resolutions approving, declaring advisable and recommending to the stockholders for their approval a proposal to authorize the board of directors, in its discretion, to amend our Certificate of Incorporation to effect a reverse stock split of our issued and outstanding common stock at a ratio in the range of 1-for-25 to 1-for-50, such ratio to be determined by the board of directors (the "Reverse Stock Split"). Approval of this proposal will grant the board of directors the authority, without further action by the stockholders, to carry out such action any time prior to the annual meeting of our stockholders in 2020, with the exact exchange ratio and timing to be determined at the discretion of the board of directors. The board of directors may determine in its discretion not to effect the Reverse Stock Split and not to file any amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation. If stockholders approve this proposal and we effect the Reverse Stock Split, then between every 25 and 50 issued and outstanding shares of our issued and outstanding common stock (and between every 25 and 50 shares of our common stock, if any, that are treasury shares) would be combined and reclassified into one share of common stock. This proposal would not change the total number of shares of all classes of stock we have authority to issue or the number of authorized shares of our preferred stock.
If we effect the Reverse Stock Split, then, except for adjustments that may result from the treatment of fractional shares as described below, each stockholder will hold the same percentage of then-outstanding common stock immediately following the Reverse Stock Split that such stockholder held immediately prior to the Reverse Stock Split. The par value of our common stock would remain unchanged at $0.0001 per share.
If approved, this proposal would approve the amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation set forth in Annex C (the "Certificate of Amendment") solely to the extent such amendment relates to the Reverse Stock Split.
Reasons for the Reverse Stock Split
Our common stock is currently listed on NYSE American under the symbol "NSPR." The continued listing requirements of the NYSE American listing standards are set forth in Part 10 of the NYSE American Company Guide. In particular, Section 1003(f)(v) provides that NYSE American may delist a security when it sells for a substantial period of time at a low price per share. On January 7, 2019, we received a letter from the staff of the NYSE American stating that the staff had determined that our common stock has been selling at a low price per share for a substantial period of time and that our continued listing on the NYSE American is predicated on effecting a reverse stock split by July 7, 2019. A decrease in the number of issued and outstanding shares of our common stock resulting from the Reverse Stock Split should, absent other factors, assist in ensuring an increase in the per share market price of our common stock. However, we cannot provide any assurance that the Reverse Stock Split will result in a sustained increase in the per share market price for our common stock. Our Board intends to effect the Reverse Stock Split only if it believes that a decrease in the number of shares outstanding is in the best interests of the Company and our stockholders and is likely to improve the trading price of our common stock and improve the likelihood that we will be allowed to maintain our continued listing on the NYSE American. Accordingly, our Board approved the Reverse Stock Split in order to maintain our listing on the NYSE American.
In addition, our board of directors is recommending the Reverse Stock Split for the primary purpose of providing us with appropriate flexibility we require to issue shares in the future on a timely basis in the event that the board of directors determines that it is necessary or appropriate to (i) raise additional capital through the sale of equity securities, (ii) enter into strategic business transactions, (iii) provide equity incentives to directors, officers and employees pursuant to equity compensation plans or (iv) further other corporate purposes. Of the 150,000,000 shares of our common stock currently authorized, as of the close of business on February 18, 2019, there were 41,888,895 shares of common stock outstanding and an aggregate of 5,473,646 shares reserved for future issuance under our equity compensation plans. In addition, as of February 18, 2019, we have reserved 4,598,518 shares of common stock for issuance upon conversion of outstanding shares of preferred stock and prefunded warrants and 40,752,578 shares of common stock for issuance upon exercise of outstanding options and warrants, which leave 55,304,093 authorized and unissued and unreserved shares of common stock that remain available for issuance. While such number of authorized and unissued and unreserved shares of common stock is more than 40% of the total number of authorized number of shares of common stock under our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, after taking into account (i) the closing price of our common stock in recent months and (ii) the full ratchet anti-dilution price protection to be triggered upon issuance of equity or equity-linked securities at an effective common stock purchase price of less than the conversion price in effect under the certificate of designations for our outstanding Series B Convertible Preferred Stock and Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, in each case, any significant capital raise through the sale of equity securities can reasonably be expected to require us to issue or reserve a number of shares of common stock in excess of the current number of authorized and unissued and unreserved shares of common stock. While we cannot predict the amount of such excess, we may be required to issue and/or reserve several hundred million shares of common stock at our current market prices. As of February 18, 2019, we have outstanding 17,303 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock convertible into 3,330,828 shares of common stock (including shares being issued as payment of the dividends thereunder) at a conversion price in effect of $0.30; 59,423 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock convertible into 1,267,691 shares of common stock at a conversion price in effect of $0.30. As a result of the foregoing, we believe that our ability to raise additional capital through the sale of equity securities would be significantly limited due to insufficient authorized capital in the absence of the Reverse Stock Split. The availability of additional shares of common stock is particularly important in the event that the board of directors needs to undertake any of the foregoing actions on an expedited basis, as market conditions permit and favorable financing and business opportunities become available, and thus without the potential delay and expense associated with convening a special stockholders' meeting. As previously reported in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2018, we only have sufficient resources to fund our business operations through the end of the third quarter of 2019, and there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Therefore, we believe that approval of the Reverse Stock Split is necessary to provide the flexibility that we require to raise capital through the sale of our equity securities. As such, in considering and planning for our current and future corporate needs, our board of directors believes that we need to make available authorized and unreserved shares of common stock for issuance.
We also believe that the Reverse Stock Split could enhance the appeal of our common stock to the financial community, including institutional investors, and the general investing public. We believe that a number of institutional investors and investment funds are reluctant to invest in lower-priced securities and that brokerage firms may be reluctant to recommend lower-priced stock to their clients, which may be due in part to a perception that lower-priced securities are less promising as investments, are less liquid in the event that an investor wishes to sell its shares, or are less likely to be followed by institutional securities research firms and therefore to have less third-party analysis of the company available to investors. In addition, certain institutional investors or investment funds may be prohibited from buying stocks whose price is below a certain threshold. We believe that the reduction in the number of issued and outstanding shares of the common stock caused by the Reverse Stock Split, together with the anticipated increased stock price immediately following and resulting from the Reverse Stock Split, may encourage interest and trading in our common stock and thus possibly promote greater liquidity for our stockholders, thereby resulting in a broader market for the common stock than that which currently exists.
Lastly, we believe that the intended increase in our stock price could decrease price volatility, as currently small changes in the price of the common stock result in relatively large percentage changes in the stock price.
We cannot assure you that all or any of the anticipated beneficial effects on the trading market for our common stock will occur. Our board of directors cannot predict with certainty what effect the Reverse Stock Split will have on the market price of the common stock, particularly over the longer term. Some investors may view a reverse stock split negatively, which could result in a decrease in our market capitalization. Additionally, any improvement in liquidity due to increased institutional or brokerage interest or lower trading commissions may be offset by the lower number of outstanding shares.
Board Discretion to Implement the Reverse Stock Split
The board of directors believes that stockholder approval of a range of Reverse Stock Split ratios (rather than a single exchange ratio) is in the best interests of our stockholders because it provides the board of directors with the flexibility to achieve the desired results of the Reverse Stock Split and because it is not possible to predict market conditions at the time the Reverse Stock Split would be implemented. If stockholders approve this proposal, the board of directors would carry out a reverse stock split only upon the board of directors' determination that a reverse stock split would be in the best interests of the stockholders at that time. The board of directors would then set the ratio for the Reverse Stock Split within the range approved by stockholders and in an amount it determines is advisable and in the best interests of the stockholders considering relevant market conditions at the time the reverse stock split is to be implemented. In determining the Reverse Stock Split ratio, following receipt of stockholder approval, the board of the directors may consider numerous factors including:
The board of directors intends to select a reverse stock split ratio that it believes would be most likely to achieve the anticipated benefits of the reverse stock split described above.
Certain Risks Associated with the Reverse Stock Split
Before voting on this proposal, you should consider the following risks associated with effecting the Reverse Stock Split:
[BEGIN TABLE]
● Although                                           we expect that the Reverse Stock Split will result in an increase in the market price                                           of our common stock, we cannot assure you that the Reverse Stock Split, if effected,                                           will increase the market price of our common stock in proportion to the reduction in                                           the number of shares of our common stock outstanding or result in a permanent increase                                           in the market price. The effect the Reverse Stock Split may have upon the market price                                           of our common stock cannot be predicted with any certainty, and the history of similar                                           reverse stock splits for companies in similar circumstances to ours is varied. The market                                           price of our common stock is dependent on many factors, including our business and financial                                           performance, general market conditions, prospects for future success and other factors                                           detailed from time to time in the reports we file with the SEC. Accordingly, the                                           total market capitalization of our common stock after the proposed Reverse Stock Split                                           may be lower than the total market capitalization before the proposed Reverse Stock Split                                           and, in the future, the market price of our common stock following the Reverse Stock                                           Split may not exceed or remain higher than the market price prior to the proposed Reverse                                           Stock Split.  
[END TABLE]
Principal Effects of the Reverse Stock Split 
Effect on Existing Common Stock
If the Reverse Stock Split is approved and effected, the number of shares of common stock issued and outstanding will be reduced from 41,881,795 (as of February 18, 2019) to between approximately 837,636 shares and 1,675,272 shares, depending on which exchange ratio is ultimately effected. Except for the change resulting from the adjustment for fractional shares (described below), the change in the number of shares of common stock outstanding that will result from the Reverse Stock Split will not affect any stockholder's percentage ownership in the Company. The relative voting and other rights that accompany the shares of common stock would not be affected by the Reverse Stock Split.
Although the Reverse Stock Split will not have any dilutive effect on our stockholders (other than de minimus adjustments that may result from the treatment of fractional shares), the proportion of shares owned by our stockholders relative to the number of shares authorized for issuance will decrease because the number of authorized shares of common stock would remain at 150,000,000. As a result, additional authorized shares of common stock will be available for issuance at such times and for such purposes as the board of directors may deem advisable without further action by our stockholders, except as required by applicable laws and regulations. To the extent that additional authorized shares are issued in the future, such shares could be dilutive to our existing stockholders by decreasing such stockholders' percentage of equity ownership in the Company. Please see "Potential Anti-Takeover Effect" below for more information on potential anti-takeover effects of the Reverse Stock Split.
Effect on Authorized and Outstanding Preferred Stock 
Currently, we are authorized to issue up to a total of 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of which 20,000 shares are designated as Series A Preferred Stock, 500,000 shares are designated as Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, 1,172,000 shares are designated as Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, and 750 shares are designated as Series D Convertible Preferred Stock. As of February 18, 2019, no Series A Preferred Stock, 17,303 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, 59,423 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and no shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock are issued and outstanding. The proposed Reverse Stock Split will cause a reduction in the number of shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of such preferred stock in proportion to the exchange ratio of the Reverse Stock Split and will cause a proportionate increase in the conversion price of such shares of preferred stock. However, the proposed Reverse Stock Split would not impact the authorized number of shares of preferred stock, the number of outstanding shares of preferred stock or the par value of the preferred stock.
Effect on Equity Compensation Plans and Outstanding Warrants
The proposed Reverse Stock Split will reduce the number of shares of common stock available for issuance under the 2013 Plan in proportion to the exchange ratio selected by the board of directors.
Under the terms of our outstanding equity awards and warrants, the proposed Reverse Stock Split will cause a reduction in the number of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise or vesting of such awards and warrants in proportion to the exchange ratio of the Reverse Stock Split and will cause a proportionate increase in the exercise price of such awards and warrants. The number of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise or vesting of outstanding equity awards and warrants will be rounded up to the nearest whole share and no cash payment will be made in respect of such rounding.
The following table contains approximate information relating to our common stock immediately following the Reverse Stock Split under certain possible exchange ratios, based on share information as of February 18, 2019:
[BEGIN TABLE]
Number      of shares of common stock reserved for issuance in connection with future awards under our equity compensation plans     5,473,646       218,                                           946       182,455       156,390       136,842        121,637        109,473    
[END TABLE]
Potential Anti-Takeover Effect
Since the Reverse Stock Split will result in increased available shares, the Reverse Stock Split may be construed as having an anti-takeover effect. Although neither the board of directors nor management views this proposal as an anti-takeover measure, we could use the increased available shares to frustrate persons seeking to effect a takeover or otherwise gain control of the Company. For example, we could privately place shares with purchasers who might side with the board of directors in opposing a hostile takeover bid or issue shares to a holder that would, thereafter, have sufficient voting power to assure that any proposal to amend or repeal our amended and restated bylaws or certain provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation would not receive the requisite vote. Our Certificate of Incorporation already includes authorization of preferred stock, which can also be seen as an anti-takeover measure, and our board of directors can designate the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions of series of preferred stock without further stockholder action. Our Certificate of Incorporation and amended and restated bylaws also include other provisions that may have an anti-takeover effect. These provisions:
There are no other plans or proposals to adopt other provisions or enter into other arrangements that may have material anti-takeover consequences.
Accounting Matters
The par value per share of our common stock will remain unchanged at $0.0001 per share after the Reverse Stock Split. As a result of the Reverse Stock Split, at the effective time, the stated capital on the Company's balance sheet attributable to the common stock, which consists of the par value per share of the common stock multiplied by the aggregate number of shares of the common stock issued and outstanding, will be reduced in proportion to the reverse stock split ratio. Correspondingly, the Company's additional paid-in capital account, which consists of the difference between the Company's stated capital and the aggregate amount paid to the Company upon issuance of all currently outstanding shares of common stock, will be credited with the amount by which the stated capital is reduced. The Company's stockholders' equity, in the aggregate, will remain unchanged. In addition, the per share net income or loss of our common stock, for all periods, will be restated because there will be fewer outstanding shares of common stock.
Effective Date
If this proposal is approved and our board of directors determines to effect the Reverse Stock Split, we will file the proposed Certificate of Amendment with the Secretary of State of the State Delaware. The Reverse Stock Split will become effective at such time set forth in the Certificate of Amendment filed with the Secretary of State of the State Delaware, with the exact timing to be determined at the discretion of our board of directors.
If this proposal is approved, no further action on the part of stockholders would be required to either effect or abandon the Reverse Stock Split. If the board of directors does not implement the Reverse Stock Split prior to the annual meeting of our stockholders in 2020, the authority granted in this proposal to implement the Reverse Stock Split will terminate. The board of directors reserves its right to elect not to proceed and abandon the Reverse Stock Split if it determines, in its sole discretion, that this proposal is no longer in the best interests of our stockholders.
Mechanics of the Reverse Stock Split
Beginning on the effective date of the Reverse Stock Split, each certificate representing pre-split shares will, until surrendered and exchanged as described below, for all corporate purposes, be deemed to represent, respectively, only the number of post-split shares.
Exchange of Stock Certificates
Shortly after the Reverse Stock Split becomes effective, stockholders will be notified and offered the opportunity at their own expense to surrender their current certificates to our stock transfer agent in exchange for the issuance of new certificates reflecting the Reverse Stock Split in accordance with the procedures to be set forth in a letter of transmittal to be sent by our stock transfer agent. In connection with the Reverse Stock Split, the CUSIP number for the common stock will change from its current CUSIP number. This new CUSIP number will appear on any new stock certificates issued representing post-split shares.
Stockholders should not destroy any share certificate(s) and should not submit any share certificate(s) until following the announcement by the Company of the completion of the Reverse Stock Split.
Effect on Registered "Book-entry" Holders of Common Stock
Holders of common stock may hold some or all of their common stock electronically in book-entry form ("street name") under the direct registration system for securities. These stockholders will not have stock certificates evidencing their ownership. They are, however, provided with a statement reflecting the number of shares of common stock registered in their accounts. If you hold registered common stock in book-entry form, you do not need to take any action to receive your post-split shares, if applicable.
Fractional Shares
No fractional shares will be issued. Any fractional share resulting from the Reverse Stock Split will be rounded up to the next whole share.
Dissenters' or Appraisal Rights
Under the Delaware General Corporation Law, our stockholders are not entitled to any dissenters' or appraisal rights with respect to the Reverse Stock Split, and we will not independently provide stockholders with any such right.
U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations
The following is a general summary of certain U.S. federal income tax consequences of the Reverse Stock Split that may be relevant to stockholders. This summary is based upon the provisions of the Code, Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder, administrative rulings and judicial decisions as of the date hereof, all of which may change, possibly with retroactive effect, resulting in U.S. federal income tax consequences that may differ from those discussed below. This summary only applies to stockholders that hold our common stock as capital assets within the meaning of Code Section 1221 (generally, property held for investment). This discussion is a summary for general information purposes only and does not address all aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that may be relevant to stockholders in light of their particular circumstances or to stockholders that may be subject to special tax rules, including, without limitation: (i) stockholders subject to the alternative minimum tax; (ii) banks, insurance companies, or other financial institutions; (iii) tax-exempt organizations; (iv) dealers in securities or commodities; (v) regulated investment companies or real estate investment trusts; (vi) partnerships (including entities or arrangements treated as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes and their partners or members); (vii) traders in securities that elect to use the mark-to-market method of accounting; (viii) U.S. stockholders whose "functional currency" is not the U.S. dollar; (ix) persons holding our common stock in a hedging transaction, "straddle," "conversion transaction" or other risk reduction transaction; (x) persons who acquired our common stock in connection with employment or the performance of services; or (xii) U.S. expatriates.
In addition, this summary of certain U.S. federal income tax consequences does not address the tax consequences arising under the laws of any foreign, state or local jurisdiction or any U.S. federal tax consequences other than U.S. federal income taxation (such as the U.S. federal estate and gift tax consequences). If a partnership (including any entity or arrangement treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) holds shares of our common stock, the tax treatment of a partner in the partnership generally will depend upon the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. Partnerships holding our common stock and the partners therein should consult their tax advisors regarding the tax consequences to them of the Reverse Stock Split.
The Company has not sought, and will not seek, an opinion of counsel or a ruling from the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") regarding the U.S. income tax consequences of the Reverse Stock Split and there can be no assurance that the IRS will not challenge the statements and conclusions set forth below and that a court would not sustain any such challenge. ACCORDINGLY, EACH STOCKHOLDER SHOULD CONSULT ITS TAX ADVISOR WITH RESPECT TO THE PARTICULAR TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE REVERSE STOCK SPLIT TO SUCH STOCKHOLDER.
Taxation of Stockholders.
The Reverse Stock Split will constitute a "recapitalization" for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a result, a stockholder should not recognize gain or loss as a result of the Reverse Stock Split. A stockholder's aggregate tax basis in the shares of the common stock received pursuant to the Reverse Stock Split should equal the stockholder's aggregate tax basis in the shares of the common stock surrendered, and such stockholder's holding period in the shares of the common stock received should include the holding period of the shares of the common stock surrendered.
Taxation of the Company.
The Company will not recognize any gain or loss as a result of the Reverse Stock Split.
Certain Israeli Federal Income Tax Considerations
The following discussion summarizing certain Israeli income tax consequences for Israeli stockholders is based on the Israeli Income Tax Ordinance [New Version], 1961, as amended (the "Tax Ordinance"), Taxation Decision No. 15/07 of the Israeli Tax Authority (the "Taxation Decision"), all of which may change, possibly with retroactive effect, resulting in Israeli income tax consequences that may differ from those discussed below, and is for general information only. The Company has not sought, and will not seek, an opinion of counsel or a ruling from the Israeli Tax Authority regarding the Israeli income tax consequences of the Reverse Stock Split and there can be no assurance that the Israeli Tax Authority will not challenge the statements and conclusions set forth below and that a court would not sustain any such challenge. ACCORDINGLY, EACH STOCKHOLDER SHOULD CONSULT ITS TAX ADVISOR WITH RESPECT TO THE PARTICULAR TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE REVERSE STOCK SPLIT TO SUCH STOCKHOLDER.
Generally, a reverse stock split will not result in the recognition of gain or loss for Israeli income tax purposes. The adjusted tax basis of the aggregate number of new shares of common stock will be the same as the adjusted tax basis of the aggregate number of shares of common stock held by a stockholder immediately prior to the Reverse Stock Split and the holding period of the shares of common stock after the Reverse Stock Split will include the holding period of the shares of common stock held prior to the Reverse Stock Split. No gain or loss will be recognized by the Company as a result of the Reverse Stock Split. In a previous matter, the Israeli Tax Authority determined in 2007 in the Taxation Decision that a reverse stock split shall not be deemed a "sale" under Section 88 of the Tax Ordinance subject, inter alia, to the following terms: (i) the Reverse Stock Split will be made pursuant to an identical conversion ratio to all shares and stockholders of the Company; (ii) as a result of the Reverse Stock Split there shall not be any change in the rights of the Company's stockholders, including rights to distribution of assets and voting rights; (iii) the Reverse Stock Split shall not include any consideration in cash or equivalent, and shall not be related to any economic benefit to the Company's stockholders; (iv) the Reverse Stock Split and the equalization of rights as a result thereof will not entitle the stockholders to any compensation; (v) the economic value of the total amount of outstanding shares of the Company shall not be changed as a result of the Reverse Stock Split; and (vi) other than the change in the amount of the Company's outstanding shares, there shall be no change regarding such shares. The Taxation Decision provides that if all such conditions are met, a tax continuity shall apply to the shares such that the original purchase price and date of such shares shall not be changed for tax purposes.
Vote Required
Approval of the Reverse Stock Split Proposal (Proposal 3) requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of our common stock outstanding and entitled to vote on such proposal at the Annual Meeting.
PROPOSAL 4: APPROVAL OF THE AMENDMENT TO OUR CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION TO INCREASE THE NUMBER OF AUTHORIZED SHARES OF COMMON STOCK, IF AND ONLY IF THE REVERSE STOCK SPLIT PROPOSAL IS NOT APPROVED
Our board of directors is seeking the approval of our stockholders of an amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation (the "Certificate Amendment") to increase the number of authorized shares of common stock from 150,000,000 to 500,000,000, if and only if the Reverse Stock Split is not approved by our stockholders. The Certificate Amendment will not change the number of authorized shares of preferred stock, which currently consists of 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock. The full text of the proposed Certificate Amendment is attached to this Proxy Statement as Annex D.
The additional shares of common stock authorized for issuance by the Certificate Amendment would be a part of the existing class of common stock and, if and when issued, would have the same rights and privileges as the common stock presently issued and outstanding. Our common stock has no preemptive rights to purchase common stock or other securities.
If the proposed Certificate Amendment is approved by the requisite vote of the stockholders, it will become effective upon the filing and recording of a Certificate of Amendment with the Secretary of State of Delaware.
Reasons for the Increase in the Number of Authorized Shares 
The proposed increase in the authorized number of shares of common stock is intended to ensure that, in the event that the Reverse Stock Split Proposal is not approved, we will continue to have an adequate number of authorized and unissued shares of common stock for future use. Of the 150,000,000 shares of our common stock currently authorized, as of the close of business on February 18, 2019, there were 41,888,895 shares of common stock outstanding. In addition to the shares of common stock outstanding on February 18, 2019, we had an aggregate of 5,573,646 shares reserved for future issuance under our equity compensation plans. In addition, we have reserved 47,333,367 shares of common stock for issuance upon exercise of currently outstanding preferred shares, prefunded warrants, DJ Units, options and warrants, which leaves only 60,777,739 authorized and unissued shares of common stock that remain available for issuance. As a result of the foregoing, our authorized shares of common stock available for future issuance in connection with potential financing transactions, business expansion opportunities, grants pursuant to equity compensation plans and other general corporate purposes will be limited if the Certificate Amendment is not approved by stockholders.
Our board of directors is recommending the proposed increase in the authorized number of shares of common stock in the event that the Reverse Stock Split Proposal is not approved for the primary purpose of providing the Company with appropriate flexibility to issue shares in the future on a timely basis in the event that the board of directors determines that it is necessary or appropriate to (i) raise additional capital through the sale of equity securities, (ii) enter into strategic business transactions, (iii) provide equity incentives to directors, officers and employees pursuant to equity compensation plans or (iv) further other corporate purposes. The availability of additional shares of common stock is particularly important in the event that the board of directors needs to undertake any of the foregoing actions on an expedited basis, as market conditions permit and favorable financing and business opportunities become available, and thus without the potential delay and expense associated with convening a special stockholders' meeting. In addition, as previously reported in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2018, we do not have sufficient resources to fund our business operations beyond the end of the third quarter of 2019 and there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Therefore, particularly in light of our limited resources, we believe that approval of the Certificate Amendment is necessary to provide the flexibility that we require to raise capital through the sale of our equity securities. As such, in considering and planning for our current and future corporate needs, our board of directors believes that the current number of authorized and unreserved shares of common stock available for issuance is inadequate.
Effects of the Increase in the Number of Authorized Shares
If the Reverse Stock Split Proposal is not approved by our stockholders and our stockholders approve this proposal to increase the number of authorized shares of common stock, unless otherwise required by applicable law or stock exchange rules, our board of directors will be able to issue the additional shares of common stock from time to time in its discretion without further action or authorization by stockholders. The newly authorized shares of common stock would be issuable for any proper corporate purposes, including future capital raising transactions of equity or convertible debt securities, acquisitions, investment opportunities, the establishment of collaborations or other strategic agreements, stock splits, stock dividends, issuance under current or future equity incentive plans or for other corporate purposes.
The proposed increase in the number of authorized shares of common stock will not, by itself, have an immediate dilutive effect on our current stockholders. However, the future issuance of additional shares of common stock or securities convertible into our common stock could, depending on the circumstances, have a dilutive effect on the earnings per share, book value per share, voting power and percentage interest of our existing stockholders, none of whom have preemptive rights to subscribe for additional shares of common stock that we may issue.
Potential Anti-Takeover Effect
An increase in the number of authorized shares of common stock may also, under certain circumstances, be construed as having an anti-takeover effect. Although not designed or intended for such purposes, the effect of the proposed increase might be to render more difficult or to discourage a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or change in control of us and the removal of management, which stockholders might otherwise deem favorable. For example, the authority of our board of directors to issue common stock might be used to create voting impediments or to frustrate an attempt by another person or entity to effect a takeover or otherwise gain control of us because the issuance of additional common stock would dilute the voting power of the common stock and preferred stock then outstanding. Our common stock could also be issued to purchasers who would support our board of directors in opposing a takeover bid which our board determines not to be in our best interests and those of our stockholders.
In addition to the proposed Certificate Amendment, our Certificate of Incorporation and amended and restated bylaws also include other provisions that may have an anti-takeover effect. These provisions, among other things, permit our board to issue preferred stock with rights senior to those of the common stock without any further vote or action by the stockholders, provide that special meetings of stockholders may only be called by our board of directors and do not provide for cumulative voting rights, which could make it more difficult for stockholders to effect certain corporation actions and may delay or discourage a change in control.
The board of directors is not presently aware of any attempt, or contemplated attempt, to acquire control of the Company and the proposed Certificate Amendment to increase the number of authorized shares of common stock is not part of any plan by our board of directors to recommend or implement a series of anti-takeover measures.
Vote Required
The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of our issued and outstanding common stock is required for the approval of the Certificate Amendment to increase the number of authorized shares of common stock.
[BEGIN TABLE]
  The          board of directors recommends a vote FOR the approval of the Certificate Amendment.   
  The          board of directors recommends a vote FOR the approval of the Certificate Amendment.   
  The          board of directors recommends a vote FOR the approval of the Certificate Amendment.   
[END TABLE]
PROPOSAL 5: RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF Kesselman & Kesselman, Certified Public Accountants, a member of PricewaterhouseCoopers International Limited, AS OURINDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
The audit committee of our board of directors has appointed Kesselman & Kesselman, Certified Public Accountants, a member of PricewaterhouseCoopers International Limited ("Kesselman"), a member of PricewaterhouseCoopers International Limited, as the independent registered public accounting firm for the year ending December 31, 2019, subject to stockholder ratification.
Kesselman served as our independent registered public accounting firm for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017. Representatives of Kesselman will not be present at the Annual Meeting, will not have the opportunity to make a statement if they so desire and will not be available to respond to appropriate questions.
The fees billed for professional services provided to us by Kesselman for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 are described below.
Audit Fees
Kesselman billed us audit fees in the aggregate amount of $161,500 and $119,00 for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017. These fees relate to the audit of our annual financial statements and the review of our interim quarterly financial statements.
Audit-Related Fees
Kesselman billed us audit-related fees in the aggregate amount of $89,300 and $52,000 for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. The fees for the year ended December 31, 2018 mostly related to our prospectus supplement filed with the SEC on June 29, 2018.
The fees for the year ended December 31, 2017 mostly related to our prospectus supplement filed with the SEC on March 10, 2017.
Tax Fees
Kesselman billed us tax fees in the aggregate amount of $39,200 and $38,675 for the year ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. These fees relate to professional services rendered for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning.
All Other Fees
Kesselman did not bill us for any other fees for the year ended December 31, 2018 and 2017.
Pre-Approval of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Fees and Services Policy 
Our audit committee pre-approves all auditing services, internal control-related services and permitted non-audit services (including the fees and terms thereof) to be performed for us by our independent auditor, except for de minimis non-audit services that are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit. The audit committee may form and delegate authority to subcommittees consisting of one or more members when appropriate, including the authority to grant pre-approvals of audit and permitted non-audit services, provided that decisions of such subcommittee to grant pre-approvals is presented to the full audit committee at its next scheduled meeting. The Audit Committee pre-approved all of the fees set forth above.
Approval of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Services and Fees 
The board of directors requests that stockholders ratify the appointment of Kesselman as the independent registered public accounting firm to conduct the audit of our financial statements for the year ending December 31, 2019. In the event that the stockholders fail to ratify the selection, the audit committee will reconsider whether or not to continue to retain that firm. Even if the selection is ratified, the audit committee, in its discretion, may direct the appointment of a different independent registered public accounting firm at any time during the fiscal year if the audit committee determines that such a change could be in the best interest of our stockholders.
Vote Required 
The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of our voting securities represented in person or by proxy at the Annual Meeting entitled to vote on such proposal that vote for or against such proposal is required to adopt the proposal to ratify the appointment of Kesselman as our independent registered public accounting firm for the year ending December 31, 2019.
The board of directors recommends a vote FOR the ratification of the appointment of Kesselman& Kesselman, Certified Public Accountants, a member of PricewaterhouseCoopers International Limited.
OTHER BUSINESS
The board of directors knows of no other business to be brought before the Annual Meeting. If, however, any other business should properly come before the Annual Meeting, the persons named in the accompanying proxy will vote the proxy in accordance with applicable law and as they may deem appropriate in their discretion, unless directed by the proxy to do otherwise.
SUBMISSION OF FUTURE STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS
Pursuant to rules of the SEC, a stockholder who intends to present a proposal at our next annual meeting of stockholders and who wishes the proposal to be included in the proxy statement for that meeting must submit the proposal to us in writing to the attention of the Secretary at InspireMD, Inc., 4 Menorat Hamaor St., Tel Aviv, Israel 6744832. The proposal must be received no later than October 25, 2019, after which date such stockholder proposal will be considered untimely. Stockholders wishing to submit nominations of persons for election to the board of directors or proposals of business to be presented directly at the annual meeting instead of for inclusion in next year's proxy statement must follow the submission criteria and deadlines set forth in our amended and restated bylaws. To be timely in connection with our next annual meeting, such a stockholder nomination or proposal must be received by our Secretary at our principal executive offices between December 9, 2019 and January 8, 2020.
A copy of InspireMD, Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018, is available without charge (except for exhibits, which are available upon payment of a reasonable fee) upon written request to InspireMD, Inc., 4 Menorat Hamaor St., Tel Aviv, Israel 6744832. 
Annex A
FIFTH AMENDMENT TO THE
INSPIREMD, INC. 2013 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN
This FIFTH AMENDMENT TO THE INSPIREMD, INC. 2013 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN (this "Amendment"), dated as of [● ], 2019 (the "Effective Date") is made and entered into by InspireMD, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"). Terms used in this Amendment with initial capital letters that are not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the InspireMD, Inc. 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended (the "Plan").
RECITALS
WHEREAS, Article 9 of the Plan provides that the Company's Board of Directors (the "Board") may amend the Plan at any time and from time to time;
WHEREAS, the Company previously reserved a total of nine million seven hundred thousand (9,700,000) shares of common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 ("Common Stock"), to be delivered pursuant to awards under the Plan;
WHEREAS, on October 1, 2015, the Company effected a one-for-ten reverse stock split such that, after giving effect to the reverse stock split, there were nine hundred seventy thousand (970,000) shares of Common Stock reserved for issuance under the Plan;
WHEREAS, on April 18, 2016, the Board and, on May 24, 2016, at the Company's 2016 annual meeting of stockholders, the stockholders, approved an amendment to the Plan to increase the number of shares of Common Stock available for issuance pursuant to awards under the Plan by ten million (10,000,000) shares, to a total of ten million nine hundred seventy thousand (10,970,000) shares of Common Stock;
WHEREAS, on August 4, 2016, the Board and, on September 28, 2016, at the Company's special meeting of stockholders, the stockholders, approved an amendment to the Plan to increase the number of shares of Common Stock available for issuance under the Plan by six million three hundred thousand (6,300,000) shares, to a total of seventeen million two hundred seventy thousand (17,270,000) shares of Common Stock;
WHEREAS, on October 7, 2016, the Company effected a 1-for-25 reverse stock split such that, after giving effect to the reverse stock split, there were six hundred ninety thousand eight hundred (690,800) shares of Common Stock reserved for issuance pursuant to awards under the Plan;
WHEREAS, on February 7, 2018, the Company effected a 1-for-35 reverse stock split such that, after giving effect to the reverse stock split, there were nineteen thousand seven hundred thirty-seven (19,737) shares of Common Stock reserved for issuance pursuant to awards under the Plan;
WHEREAS, on May 23, 2018, the Board and, on October 24, 2018, at the Company's 2018 annual meeting of stockholders, the stockholders, approved an amendment to the Plan to increase the number of shares of Common Stock available for issuance under the Plan by eight million nine hundred thousand (8,900,000) shares, to a total of eight million nine hundred nineteen thousand seven hundred thirty-seven (8,919,737) shares of Common Stock;
WHEREAS, the Company intends, at its next annual meeting of its stockholders, to seek stockholder approval of a reverse stock split in the range of 1-for-25 to 1-for-50 (the "Reverse Stock Split");
WHEREAS, the Board desires to amend the Plan to (i) increase the number of shares of Common Stock that may be delivered pursuant to awards under the Plan by an additional 25,000,000 shares, for an aggregate maximum total of 33,919,737 shares of Common Stock available for issuance under the Plan; provided, however, that such number of shares will be adjusted, in accordance with Article 11 of the Plan, if the Reverse Stock Split is approved by the Company's stockholders and (ii) to reflect certain changes to the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, upon the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017; and
WHEREAS, the Board intends to submit this Amendment to the Company's stockholders for their approval.
NOW, THEREFORE, in accordance with Article 9 of the Plan and subject to stockholder approval, the Plan is hereby amended, effective as of the date hereof, as follows:
1. Section 2.17 of the Plan is hereby amended by deleting the phrase "or a 'covered employee' as defined in Section 162(m)(3) of the Code" from said Section in its entirety.
2. Section 3.1 of the Plan is hereby amended by deleting the phrase "'outside directors' under Section 162(m) of the Code and" from the second paragraph of said Section in its entirety.
3. Section 3.3 of the Plan is hereby amended by deleting the phrase "Section 162(m) of the Code," from the third paragraph of said Section in its entirety.
4. Section 5.1 of the Plan is hereby amended by deleting said section in its entirety and substituting in lieu thereof the following new Section 5.1:
5.1 Number Available for Awards. Subject to adjustment as provided in Articles 11 and 12, the maximum number of shares of Common Stock that may be delivered pursuant to Awards granted under the Plan is 30,480,435 shares, of which one hundred percent (100%) may be delivered pursuant to Incentive Stock Options. Shares to be issued may be made available from authorized but unissued Common Stock, Common Stock held by the Company in its treasury, or Common Stock purchased by the Company on the open market or otherwise. During the term of this Plan, the Company will at all times reserve and keep available the number of shares of Common Stock that shall be sufficient to satisfy the requirements of this Plan.
5. Section 6.1 of the Plan is hereby amended by deleting the phrase ", (ii) to the extent an Award issued under the Plan is subject to Section 409A of the Code, in compliance with the applicable requirements of Section 409A of the Code and the regulations or other guidance issued thereunder, and (iii) to the extent the Committee determines that an Award shall comply with the requirements of Section 162(m) of the Code, in compliance with the applicable requirements of Section 162(m) of the Code and the regulations and other guidance issued thereunder" from said Section and replacing it with the phrase "and (ii) to the extent an Award issued under the Plan is subject to Section 409A of the Code, in compliance with the applicable requirements of Section 409A of the Code and the regulations or other guidance issued thereunder."
6. Section 6.4 of the Plan is hereby amended by deleting the phrase ", to the extent applicable and in the event the Committee determines that an Award shall comply with the requirements of Section 162(m) of the Code, in compliance with the requirements of Section 162(m) of the Code and the regulations and other guidance issued thereunder" from said Section in its entirety.
7. Section 6.5 of the Plan is hereby amended by deleting the phrase ", (ii) to the extent a SAR issued under the Plan is subject to Section 409A of the Code, in compliance with the applicable requirements of Section 409A of the Code and the regulations or other guidance issued thereunder, and (iii) to the extent the Committee determines that a SAR shall comply with the requirements of Section 162(m) of the Code, in compliance with the applicable requirements of Section 162(m) and the regulations and other guidance issued thereunder" and replacing it with the phrase "and (ii) to the extent a SAR issued under the Plan is subject to Section 409A of the Code, in compliance with the applicable requirements of Section 409A of the Code and the regulations or other guidance issued thereunder."
8. Section 6.6 of the Plan is hereby amended by deleting the phrase ", (ii) to the extent a Restricted Stock Unit issued under the Plan is subject to Section 409A of the Code, in compliance with the applicable requirements of Section 409A of the Code and the regulations or other guidance issued thereunder, and (iii) to the extent the Committee determines that a Restricted Stock Unit award shall comply with the requirements of Section 162(m) of the Code, in compliance with the applicable requirements of Section 162(m) and the regulations and other guidance issued thereunder" and replacing it with the phrase "and (ii) to the extent a Restricted Stock Unit issued under the Plan is subject to Section 409A of the Code, in compliance with the applicable requirements of Section 409A of the Code and the regulations or other guidance issued thereunder."
9. Section 6.7(a) of the Plan is hereby amended by deleting the second paragraph of said Section in its entirety.
10. Section 6.7(a) of the Plan is hereby further amended by deleting the phrase "With respect to a Performance Award that is not intended to satisfy the requirements of Code Section 162(m), if the Committee determines" and replacing it with the phrase "If the Committee determines."
11. Section 6.7(c) is amended by deleting said Section in its entirety.
12. Section 6.10 of the Plan is hereby amended by deleting the phrase ", where applicable, shall be within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code and" with the word "shall."
13. Section 6.10 of the Plan is hereby further amended by deleting the last sentence of said Section in its entirety.
14. Article 9 of the Plan is hereby amended by deleting the phrase "Sections 162(m), 421, and 422 of the Code" and replacing it with the phrase "Sections 421 and 422 of the Code".
15. Section 15.5 of the Plan is hereby amended by deleting the phrase "and Section 162(m) of the Code" in its entirety.
16. Except as expressly amended by this Amendment, the Plan shall continue in full force and effect in accordance with the provisions thereof, and all awards granted under the Plan prior to the Effective Date shall continue to be governed pursuant to the terms of the Plan as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Date.
[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank;
Signature Page Follows.]
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Amendment to be duly executed as of the date first written above.
[BEGIN TABLE]
   By:   
   By:   
[END TABLE]
Annex B
INSPIREMD, INC.
2013 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN
The InspireMD, Inc. 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the "Plan") was adopted by the Board of Directors of InspireMD, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), effective as of October 25, 2013, subject to approval by the Company's stockholders.
Article 1
PURPOSE
The purpose of the Plan is to attract and retain the services of key Employees, key Contractors, and Outside Directors of the Company and its Subsidiaries (together, the "Group") and to provide such persons with a proprietary interest in the Company through the granting of Incentive Stock Options, Nonqualified Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Awards, Dividend Equivalent Rights, and Other Awards, whether granted singly, or in combination, or in tandem, that will:
(a) increase the interest of such persons in the Group's welfare;
(b) furnish an incentive to such persons to continue their services for the Company or its Subsidiaries; and
(c) provide a means through which the Group may attract able persons as Employees, Contractors, and Outside Directors.
This Plan is intended serve as an "umbrella" plan for the Company and the entire Group worldwide. Therefore, if so required, appendices may be added to the Plan for the various international Subsidiaries in order to accommodate local regulations that do not correspond to the scope of the Plan, at the discretion of the Board. Any such appendices that the Company approves for purposes of using this Plan for an international Subsidiary will not affect the terms of this Plan for any other country.
Attached hereto as Appendix A is the InspireMD, Inc. 2013 Employee Stock Incentive Plan (the "Israeli Plan"), designated for the purpose of making grants pursuant to Sections 102 and 3(i) of the Israeli Income Tax Ordinance (New Version), 1961 to Israeli employees and officers of the Group and any other service providers or control holders of the Company who are subject to Israeli Income Tax.
With respect to Reporting Participants, the Plan and all transactions under the Plan are intended to comply with all applicable conditions of Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act. To the extent any provision of the Plan or action by the Committee fails to so comply, such provision or action shall be deemed null and void ab initio, to the extent permitted by law and deemed advisable by the Committee.
Article 2
DEFINITIONS
For the purpose of the Plan, unless the context requires otherwise, the following terms shall have the meanings indicated:
2.1 "Applicable Law" means all legal requirements relating to the administration of equity incentive plans and the issuance and distribution of shares of Common Stock, if any, under applicable corporate laws, applicable securities laws, the rules of any exchange or inter-dealer quotation system upon which the Company's securities are listed or quoted, the rules of any foreign jurisdiction applicable to Incentives granted to residents therein, and any other applicable law, rule or restriction.
2.2 "Award" means the grant of any Incentive Stock Option, Nonqualified Stock Option, Restricted Stock, SAR, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Award, Dividend Equivalent Right or Other Award, whether granted singly or in combination or in tandem (each individually referred to herein as an "Incentive").
2.3 "Award Agreement" means a written agreement between a Participant and the Company which sets out the terms of the grant of an Award.
2.4 "Award Period" means the period set forth in the Award Agreement during which one or more Incentives granted under an Award may be exercised.
2.5 "Board" means the board of directors of the Company.
2.6 "Change in Control" means any of the following, except as otherwise provided herein: (i) any consolidation, merger or share exchange of the Company in which the Company is not the continuing or surviving corporation or pursuant to which shares of the Company's Common Stock would be converted into cash, securities or other property, other than a consolidation, merger or share exchange of the Company in which the holders of the Company's Common Stock immediately prior to such transaction have the same proportionate ownership of Common Stock of the surviving corporation immediately after such transaction; (ii) any sale, lease, exchange or other transfer (excluding transfer by way of pledge or hypothecation) in one transaction or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company; (iii) the stockholders of the Company approve any plan or proposal for the liquidation or dissolution of the Company; (iv) the cessation of control (by virtue of their not constituting a majority of directors) of the Board by the individuals (the "Continuing Directors") who (x) at the date of this Plan were directors or (y) become directors after the date of this Plan and whose election or nomination for election by the Company's stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds (2/3rds) of the directors then in office who were directors at the date of this Plan or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved; (v) the acquisition of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of an aggregate of fifty percent (50%) or more of the voting power of the Company's outstanding voting securities by any person or group (as such term is used in Rule 13d-5 under the Exchange Act) who beneficially owned less than fifty percent (50%) of the voting power of the Company's outstanding voting securities on the date of this Plan; provided, however, that notwithstanding the foregoing, an acquisition shall not constitute a Change in Control hereunder if the acquirer is (x) a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company and acting in such capacity, (y) a Subsidiary of the Company or a corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of voting securities of the Company or (z) any other person whose acquisition of shares of voting securities is approved in advance by a majority of the Continuing Directors; or (vi) in a Title 11 bankruptcy proceeding, the appointment of a trustee or the conversion of a case involving the Company to a case under Chapter 7.
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.6, if an Award issued under the Plan is subject to Section 409A of the Code, then an event shall not constitute a Change in Control for purposes of such Award under the Plan unless such event also constitutes a change in the Company's ownership, its effective control or the ownership of a substantial portion of its assets within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code.
2.7 "Code" means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
2.8 "Committee" means the committee appointed or designated by the Board to administer the Plan in accordance with Article 3 of this Plan.
2.9 "Common Stock" means the common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, which the Company is currently authorized to issue or may in the future be authorized to issue, or any securities into which or for which the common stock of the Company may be converted or exchanged, as the case may be, pursuant to the terms of this Plan.
2.10 "Company" means InspireMD, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and any successor entity.
2.11 "Contractor" means any natural person, who is not an Employee, rendering bona fide services to the Company or a Subsidiary, with compensation, pursuant to a written independent contractor agreement between such person (or any entity employing such person) and the Company or a Subsidiary, provided that such services are not rendered in connection with the offer or sale of securities in a capital raising transaction and do not directly or indirectly promote or maintain a market for the Company's securities.
2.12 "Corporation" means any entity that (i) is defined as a corporation under Section 7701 of the Code and (ii) is the Company or is in an unbroken chain of corporations (other than the Company) beginning with the Company, if each of the corporations other than the last corporation in the unbroken chain owns stock possessing a majority of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of the other corporations in the chain. For purposes of clause (ii) hereof, an entity shall be treated as a "corporation" if it satisfies the definition of a corporation under Section 7701 of the Code.
2.13 "Date of Grant" means the effective date on which an Award is made to a Participant as set forth in the applicable Award Agreement; provided, however, that solely for purposes of Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, the Date of Grant of an Award shall be the date of stockholder approval of the Plan if such date is later than the effective date of such Award as set forth in the Award Agreement.
2.14 "Dividend Equivalent Right" means the right of the holder thereof to receive credits based on the cash dividends that would have been paid on the shares of Common Stock specified in the Award if such shares were held by the Participant to whom the Award is made.
2.15 "Employee" means a common law employee (as defined in accordance with the Regulations and Revenue Rulings then applicable under Section 3401(c) of the Code) of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company; provided, however, in the case of individuals whose employment status, by virtue of their employer or residence, is not determined under Section 3401(c) of the Code, "Employee" shall mean an individual treated as an employee for local payroll tax or employment purposes by the applicable employer under Applicable Law for the relevant period.
2.16 "Exchange Act" means the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
2.17 "Executive Officer" means an officer of the Company or a Subsidiary subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act or a "covered employee" as defined in Section 162(m)(3) of the Code.
2.18 "Fair Market Value" means, as of a particular date, (a) if the shares of Common Stock are listed on any established national securities exchange, the closing sales price per share of Common Stock on the consolidated transaction reporting system for the principal securities exchange for the Common Stock on that date, or, if there shall have been no such sale so reported on that date, on the last preceding date on which such a sale was so reported; (b) if the shares of Common Stock are not so listed, but are quoted on an automated quotation system, the closing sales price per share of Common Stock reported on the automated quotation system on that date, or, if there shall have been no such sale so reported on that date, on the last preceding date on which such a sale was so reported; (c) if the Common Stock is not so listed or quoted, the mean between the closing bid and asked price on that date, or, if there are no quotations available for such date, on the last preceding date on which such quotations shall be available, as reported by the OTC Bulletin Board operated by the Financial Industry Regulation Authority, Inc. or the OTC Markets Group Inc., formerly known as Pink OTC Markets Inc.; or (d) if none of the above is applicable, such amount as may be determined by the Committee (acting on the advice of an Independent Third Party, should the Committee elect in its sole discretion to utilize an Independent Third Party for this purpose), in good faith, to be the fair market value per share of Common Stock. The determination of Fair Market Value shall, where applicable, be in compliance with Section 409A of the Code.
2.19 "Incentive" is defined in Section 2.2 hereof.
2.20 "Incentive Stock Option" means an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code, granted pursuant to this Plan.
2.21 "Independent Third Party" means an individual or entity independent of the Company having experience in providing investment banking or similar appraisal or valuation services and with expertise generally in the valuation of securities or other property for purposes of this Plan. The Committee may utilize one or more Independent Third Parties.
2.22 "Nonqualified Stock Option" means a nonqualified stock option, granted pursuant to this Plan, which is not an Incentive Stock Option.
2.23 "Option Price" means the price which must be paid by a Participant upon exercise of a Stock Option to purchase a share of Common Stock.
2.24 "Other Award" means an Award issued pursuant to Section 6.9 hereof.
2.25 "Outside Director" means a director of the Company who is not an Employee or a Contractor.
2.26 "Participant" means an Employee or Contractor of the Company or a Subsidiary or an Outside Director to whom an Award is granted under this Plan.
2.27 "Performance Award" means an Award hereunder of cash, shares of Common Stock, units or rights based upon, payable in, or otherwise related to, Common Stock pursuant to Section 6.7 hereof.
2.28 "Performance Goal" means any of the goals set forth in Section 6.10 hereof.
2.29 "Plan" means this InspireMD, Inc. 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time.
2.30 "Reporting Participant" means a Participant who is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 16 of the Exchange Act.
2.31 "Restricted Stock" means shares of Common Stock issued or transferred to a Participant pursuant to Section 6.4 of this Plan which are subject to restrictions or limitations set forth in this Plan and in the related Award Agreement.
2.32 "Restricted Stock Units" means units awarded to Participants pursuant to Section 6.6 hereof, which are convertible into Common Stock at such time as such units are no longer subject to restrictions as established by the Committee.
2.33 "Retirement" means any Termination of Service solely due to retirement upon or after attainment of age sixty-five (65), or permitted early retirement as determined by the Committee; provided, however, in the case of Participants who reside in the European Economic Area, "Retirement" shall mean any Termination of Service as of a date they are eligible for mandatory retirement benefits under local law, without regard to age.
2.34 "SAR" or "Stock Appreciation Right" means the right to receive an amount, in cash and/or Common Stock, equal to the excess of the Fair Market Value of a specified number of shares of Common Stock as of the date the SAR is exercised (or, as provided in the Award Agreement, converted) over the SAR Price for such shares.
2.35 "SAR Price" means the exercise price or conversion price of each share of Common Stock covered by a SAR, determined on the Date of Grant of the SAR.
2.36 "Stock Option" means a Nonqualified Stock Option or an Incentive Stock Option.
2.37 "Subsidiary" means (i) any corporation in an unbroken chain of corporations beginning with the Company, if each of the corporations other than the last corporation in the unbroken chain owns stock possessing a majority of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of the other corporations in the chain, (ii) any limited partnership, if the Company or any corporation described in item (i) above owns a majority of the general partnership interest and a majority of the limited partnership interests entitled to vote on the removal and replacement of the general partner, and (iii) any partnership or limited liability company, if the partners or members thereof are composed only of the Company, any corporation listed in item (i) above or any limited partnership listed in item (ii) above. "Subsidiaries" means more than one of any such corporations, limited partnerships, partnerships or limited liability companies.
2.38 "Termination of Service" occurs when a Participant who is (i) an Employee of the Company or any Subsidiary ceases to serve as an Employee of the Company and its Subsidiaries, for any reason; (ii) an Outside Director of the Company or a Subsidiary ceases to serve as a director of the Company and its Subsidiaries for any reason; or (iii) a Contractor of the Company or a Subsidiary ceases to serve as a Contractor of the Company and its Subsidiaries for any reason. Except as may be necessary or desirable to comply with applicable federal or state law, a "Termination of Service" shall not be deemed to have occurred when a Participant who is an Employee becomes an Outside Director or Contractor or vice versa. If, however, a Participant who is an Employee and who has an Incentive Stock Option ceases to be an Employee but does not suffer a Termination of Service, and if that Participant does not exercise the Incentive Stock Option within the time required under Section 422 of the Code upon ceasing to be an Employee, the Incentive Stock Option shall thereafter become a Nonqualified Stock Option. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.38, in the event an Award issued under the Plan is subject to Section 409A of the Code, then, in lieu of the foregoing definition and to the extent necessary to comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, the definition of "Termination of Service" for purposes of such Award shall be the definition of "separation from service" provided for under Section 409A of the Code and the regulations or other guidance issued thereunder.
2.39 "Total and Permanent Disability" means a Participant is qualified for long-term disability benefits under the Company's or Subsidiary's disability plan or insurance policy; or, if no such plan or policy is then in existence or if the Participant is not eligible to participate in such plan or policy, that the Participant, because of a physical or mental condition resulting from bodily injury, disease, or mental disorder, is unable to perform his or her duties of employment for a period of six (6) continuous months, as determined in good faith by the Committee, based upon medical reports or other evidence satisfactory to the Committee; provided that, with respect to any Incentive Stock Option, Total and Permanent Disability shall have the meaning given it under the rules governing Incentive Stock Options under the Code. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.39, in the event an Award issued under the Plan is subject to Section 409A of the Code, then, in lieu of the foregoing definition and to the extent necessary to comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, the definition of "Total and Permanent Disability" for purposes of such Award shall be the definition of "disability" provided for under Section 409A of the Code and the regulations or other guidance issued thereunder.
Article 3
ADMINISTRATION
3.1 General Administration; Establishment of Committee. Subject to the terms of this Article 3, the Plan shall be administered by the Board or such committee of the Board as is designated by the Board to administer the Plan (the "Committee"). The Committee shall consist of not fewer than two persons. Any member of the Committee may be removed at any time, with or without cause, by resolution of the Board. Any vacancy occurring in the membership of the Committee may be filled by appointment by the Board. At any time there is no Committee to administer the Plan, any references in this Plan to the Committee shall be deemed to refer to the Board.
Membership on the Committee shall be limited to those members of the Board who are "outside directors" under Section 162(m) of the Code and "non-employee directors" as defined in Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act. The Committee shall select one of its members to act as its Chairman. A majority of the Committee shall constitute a quorum, and the act of a majority of the members of the Committee present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Committee.
3.2 Designation of Participants and Awards.
(a) The Committee or the Board shall determine and designate from time to time the eligible persons to whom Awards will be granted and shall set forth in each related Award Agreement, where applicable, the Award Period, the Date of Grant, and such other terms, provisions, limitations, and performance requirements, as are approved by the Committee, but not inconsistent with the Plan. The Committee shall determine whether an Award shall include one type of Incentive or two or more Incentives granted in combination or two or more Incentives granted in tandem (that is, a joint grant where exercise of one Incentive results in cancellation of all or a portion of the other Incentive). Although the members of the Committee shall be eligible to receive Awards, all decisions with respect to any Award, and the terms and conditions thereof, to be granted under the Plan to any member of the Committee shall be made solely and exclusively by the other members of the Committee, or if such member is the only member of the Committee, by the Board.
(b) Notwithstanding Section 3.2(a), to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Board may, in its discretion and by a resolution adopted by the Board, authorize one or more officers of the Company (an "Authorized Officer") to (i) designate one or more Employees as eligible persons to whom Awards will be granted under the Plan, and (ii) determine the number of shares of Common Stock that will be subject to such Awards; provided, however, that the resolution of the Board granting such authority shall (x) specify the total number of shares of Common Stock that may be made subject to the Awards, (y) set forth the price or prices (or a formula by which such price or prices may be determined) to be paid for the purchase of the Common Stock subject to such Awards, and (z) not authorize an officer to designate himself as a recipient of any Award.
3.3 Authority of the Committee. The Committee, in its discretion, shall (i) interpret the Plan and Award Agreements, (ii) prescribe, amend, and rescind any rules and regulations and sub-plans (including sub-plans for Awards made to Participants who are not resident in the United States), as necessary or appropriate for the administration of the Plan, (iii) establish performance goals for an Award and certify the extent of their achievement, and (iv) make such other determinations or certifications and take such other action as it deems necessary or advisable in the administration of the Plan. Any interpretation, determination, or other action made or taken by the Committee shall be final, binding, and conclusive on all interested parties. The Committee's discretion set forth herein shall not be limited by any provision of the Plan, including any provision which by its terms is applicable notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan to the contrary.
The Committee may delegate to officers of the Company, pursuant to a written delegation, the authority to perform specified functions under the Plan. Any actions taken by any officers of the Company pursuant to such written delegation of authority shall be deemed to have been taken by the Committee.
With respect to restrictions in the Plan that are based on the requirements of Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act, Section 422 of the Code, Section 162(m) of the Code, the rules of any exchange or inter-dealer quotation system upon which the Company's securities are listed or quoted, or any other Applicable Law, to the extent that any such restrictions are no longer required by Applicable Law, the Committee shall have the sole discretion and authority to grant Awards that are not subject to such mandated restrictions and/or to waive any such mandated restrictions with respect to outstanding Awards.
Article 4
ELIGIBILITY
Any Employee (including an Employee who is also a director or an officer), Contractor or Outside Director of the Company whose judgment, initiative, and efforts contributed or may be expected to contribute to the successful performance of the Company is eligible to participate in the Plan; provided that only Employees of a Corporation shall be eligible to receive Incentive Stock Options. The Committee, upon its own action, may grant, but shall not be required to grant, an Award to any Employee, Contractor or Outside Director. Awards may be granted by the Committee at any time and from time to time to new Participants, or to then Participants, or to a greater or lesser number of Participants, and may include or exclude previous Participants, as the Committee shall determine. Except as required by this Plan, Awards need not contain similar provisions. The Committee's determinations under the Plan (including without limitation determinations of which Employees, Contractors or Outside Directors, if any, are to receive Awards, the form, amount and timing of such Awards, the terms and provisions of such Awards and the agreements evidencing same) need not be uniform and may be made by it selectively among Participants who receive, or are eligible to receive, Awards under the Plan.
Article 5
SHARES SUBJECT TO PLAN
5.1 Number Available for Awards. Subject to adjustment as provided in Articles 11 and 12, the maximum number of shares of Common Stock that may be delivered pursuant to Awards granted under the Plan is five million (5,000,000) shares, of which one hundred percent (100%) may be delivered pursuant to Incentive Stock Options. Subject to adjustment pursuant to Articles 11 and 12, the maximum number of shares of Common Stock with respect to which Stock Options or SARs may be granted to an Executive Officer during any calendar year is one million (1,000,000) shares of Common Stock. Shares to be issued may be made available from authorized but unissued Common Stock, Common Stock held by the Company in its treasury, or Common Stock purchased by the Company on the open market or otherwise. During the term of this Plan, the Company will at all times reserve and keep available the number of shares of Common Stock that shall be sufficient to satisfy the requirements of this Plan.
5.2 Reuse of Shares. To the extent that any Award under this Plan shall be forfeited, shall expire or be canceled, in whole or in part, then the number of shares of Common Stock covered by the Award or stock option so forfeited, expired or canceled may again be awarded pursuant to the provisions of this Plan. In the event that previously acquired shares of Common Stock are delivered to the Company in full or partial payment of the exercise price for the exercise of a Stock Option granted under this Plan, the number of shares of Common Stock available for future Awards under this Plan shall be reduced only by the net number of shares of Common Stock issued upon the exercise of the Stock Option. Awards that may be satisfied either by the issuance of shares of Common Stock or by cash or other consideration shall be counted against the maximum number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued under this Plan only during the period that the Award is outstanding or to the extent the Award is ultimately satisfied by the issuance of shares of Common Stock. Awards will not reduce the number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to this Plan if the settlement of the Award will not require the issuance of shares of Common Stock, as, for example, a SAR that can be satisfied only by the payment of cash. Notwithstanding any provisions of the Plan to the contrary, only shares forfeited back to the Company, shares canceled on account of termination, expiration or lapse of an Award, shares surrendered in payment of the exercise price of an option or shares withheld for payment of applicable employment taxes and/or withholding obligations resulting from the exercise of an option shall again be available for grant of Incentive Stock Options under the Plan, but shall not increase the maximum number of shares described in Section 5.1 above as the maximum number of shares of Common Stock that may be delivered pursuant to Incentive Stock Options.
Article 6
GRANT OF AWARDS
6.1 In General.
(a) The grant of an Award shall be authorized by the Committee and shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement setting forth the Incentive or Incentives being granted, the total number of shares of Common Stock subject to the Incentive(s), the Option Price (if applicable), the Award Period, the Date of Grant, and such other terms, provisions, limitations, and performance objectives, as are approved by the Committee, but (i) not inconsistent with the Plan, (ii) to the extent an Award issued under the Plan is subject to Section 409A of the Code, in compliance with the applicable requirements of Section 409A of the Code and the regulations or other guidance issued thereunder, and (iii) to the extent the Committee determines that an Award shall comply with the requirements of Section 162(m) of the Code, in compliance with the applicable requirements of Section 162(m) of the Code and the regulations and other guidance issued thereunder. The Company shall execute an Award Agreement with a Participant after the Committee approves the issuance of an Award. Any Award granted pursuant to this Plan must be granted within ten (10) years of the date of adoption of this Plan by the Board. The Plan shall be submitted to the Company's stockholders for approval; however, the Committee may grant Awards under the Plan prior to the time of stockholder approval. Any such Award granted prior to such stockholder approval shall be made subject to such stockholder approval. The grant of an Award to a Participant shall not be deemed either to entitle the Participant to, or to disqualify the Participant from, receipt of any other Award under the Plan.
(b) If the Committee establishes a purchase price for an Award, the Participant must accept such Award within a period of thirty (30) days (or such shorter period as the Committee may specify) after the Date of Grant by executing the applicable Award Agreement and paying such purchase price.
(c) Any Award under this Plan that is settled in whole or in part in cash on a deferred basis may provide for interest equivalents to be credited with respect to such cash payment. Interest equivalents may be compounded and shall be paid upon such terms and conditions as may be specified by the grant.
6.2 Option Price. The Option Price for any share of Common Stock which may be purchased under a Nonqualified Stock Option for any share of Common Stock may be equal to or greater than the Fair Market Value of the share on the Date of Grant. The Option Price for any share of Common Stock which may be purchased under an Incentive Stock Option must be at least equal to the Fair Market Value of the share on the Date of Grant; if an Incentive Stock Option is granted to an Employee who owns or is deemed to own (by reason of the attribution rules of Section 424(d) of the Code) more than ten percent (10%) of the combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company (or any parent or Subsidiary), the Option Price shall be at least one hundred ten percent (110%) of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock on the Date of Grant.
6.3 Maximum ISO Grants. The Committee may not grant Incentive Stock Options under the Plan to any Employee which would permit the aggregate Fair Market Value (determined on the Date of Grant) of the Common Stock with respect to which Incentive Stock Options (under this and any other plan of the Company and its Subsidiaries) are exercisable for the first time by such Employee during any calendar year to exceed $100,000. To the extent any Stock Option granted under this Plan which is designated as an Incentive Stock Option exceeds this limit or otherwise fails to qualify as an Incentive Stock Option, such Stock Option (or any such portion thereof) shall be a Nonqualified Stock Option. In such case, the Committee shall designate which stock will be treated as Incentive Stock Option stock by causing the issuance of a separate stock certificate and identifying such stock as Incentive Stock Option stock on the Company's stock transfer records.
6.4 Restricted Stock. If Restricted Stock is granted to or received by a Participant under an Award (including a Stock Option), the Committee shall set forth in the related Award Agreement: (i) the number of shares of Common Stock awarded, (ii) the price, if any, to be paid by the Participant for such Restricted Stock and the method of payment of the price, (iii) the time or times within which such Award may be subject to forfeiture, (iv) specified Performance Goals of the Company, a Subsidiary, any division thereof or any group of Employees of the Company, or other criteria, which the Committee determines must be met in order to remove any restrictions (including vesting) on such Award, and (v) all other terms, limitations, restrictions, and conditions of the Restricted Stock, which shall be consistent with this Plan, to the extent applicable and in the event the Committee determines that an Award shall comply with the requirements of Section 162(m) of the Code, in compliance with the requirements of Section 162(m) of the Code and the regulations and other guidance issued thereunder and, to the extent Restricted Stock granted under the Plan is subject to Section 409A of the Code, in compliance with the applicable requirements of Section 409A of the Code and the regulations or other guidance issued thereunder. The provisions of Restricted Stock need not be the same with respect to each Participant.
(a) Legend on Shares. The Company shall electronically register the Restricted Stock awarded to a Participant in the name of such Participant, which shall bear an appropriate legend referring to the terms, conditions, and restrictions applicable to such Restricted Stock, substantially as provided in Section 15.10 of the Plan. No stock certificate or certificates shall be issued with respect to such shares of Common Stock, unless, following the expiration of the Restriction Period (as defined in Section 6.4(b)(i)(a)(i)) without forfeiture in respect of such shares of Common Stock, the Participant requests delivery of the certificate or certificates by submitting a written request to the Committee (or such party designated by the Company) requesting delivery of the certificates. The Company shall deliver the certificates requested by the Participant to the Participant as soon as administratively practicable following the Company's receipt of such request.
(b) Restrictions and Conditions. Shares of Restricted Stock shall be subject to the following restrictions and conditions:
(i) Subject to the other provisions of this Plan and the terms of the particular Award Agreements, during such period as may be determined by the Committee commencing on the Date of Grant or the date of exercise of an Award (the "Restriction Period"), the Participant shall not be permitted to sell, transfer, pledge or assign shares of Restricted Stock. Except for these limitations, the Committee may in its sole discretion, remove any or all of the restrictions on such Restricted Stock whenever it may determine that, by reason of changes in Applicable Laws or other changes in circumstances arising after the date of the Award, such action is appropriate.
(ii) Except as provided in sub-paragraph (i) above or in the applicable Award Agreement, the Participant shall have, with respect to his or her Restricted Stock, all of the rights of a stockholder of the Company, including the right to vote the shares, and the right to receive any dividends thereon. Certificates for shares of Common Stock free of restriction under this Plan shall be delivered to the Participant promptly after, and only after, the Restriction Period shall expire without forfeiture in respect of such shares of Common Stock or after any other restrictions imposed on such shares of Common Stock by the applicable Award Agreement or other agreement have expired. Certificates for the shares of Common Stock forfeited under the provisions of the Plan and the applicable Award Agreement shall be promptly returned to the Company by the forfeiting Participant. Each Award Agreement shall require that each Participant, in connection with the issuance of a certificate for Restricted Stock, shall endorse such certificate in blank or execute a stock power in form satisfactory to the Company in blank and deliver such certificate and executed stock power to the Company.
(iii) The Restriction Period of Restricted Stock shall commence on the Date of Grant or the date of exercise of an Award, as specified in the Award Agreement, and, subject to Article 12 of the Plan, unless otherwise established by the Committee in the Award Agreement setting forth the terms of the Restricted Stock, shall expire upon satisfaction of the conditions set forth in the Award Agreement; such conditions may provide for vesting based on such Performance Goals, as may be determined by the Committee in its sole discretion.
(iv) Except as otherwise provided in the particular Award Agreement, upon Termination of Service for any reason during the Restriction Period, the nonvested shares of Restricted Stock shall be forfeited by the Participant. In the event a Participant has paid any consideration to the Company for such forfeited Restricted Stock, the Committee shall specify in the Award Agreement that either (i) the Company shall be obligated to, or (ii) the Company may, in its sole discretion, elect to, pay to the Participant, as soon as practicable after the event causing forfeiture, in cash, an amount equal to the lesser of the total consideration paid by the Participant for such forfeited shares or the Fair Market Value of such forfeited shares as of the date of Termination of Service, as the Committee, in its sole discretion shall select. Upon any forfeiture, all rights of a Participant with respect to the forfeited shares of the Restricted Stock shall cease and terminate, without any further obligation on the part of the Company.
6.5 SARs. The Committee may grant SARs to any Participant, either as a separate Award or in connection with a Stock Option. SARs shall be subject to such terms and conditions as the Committee shall impose, provided that such terms and conditions are (i) not inconsistent with the Plan, (ii) to the extent a SAR issued under the Plan is subject to Section 409A of the Code, in compliance with the applicable requirements of Section 409A of the Code and the regulations or other guidance issued thereunder, and (iii) to the extent the Committee determines that a SAR shall comply with the requirements of Section 162(m) of the Code, in compliance with the applicable requirements of Section 162(m) and the regulations and other guidance issued thereunder. The grant of the SAR may provide that the holder may be paid for the value of the SAR either in cash or in shares of Common Stock, or a combination thereof. In the event of the exercise of a SAR payable in shares of Common Stock, the holder of the SAR shall receive that number of whole shares of Common Stock having an aggregate Fair Market Value on the date of exercise equal to the value obtained by multiplying (i) the difference between the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock on the date of exercise over the SAR Price as set forth in such SAR (or other value specified in the agreement granting the SAR), by (ii) the number of shares of Common Stock as to which the SAR is exercised, with a cash settlement to be made for any fractional shares of Common Stock. The SAR Price for any share of Common Stock subject to a SAR may be equal to or greater than the Fair Market Value of the share on the Date of Grant. The Committee, in its sole discretion, may place a ceiling on the amount payable upon exercise of a SAR, but any such limitation shall be specified at the time that the SAR is granted.
6.6 Restricted Stock Units. Restricted Stock Units may be awarded or sold to any Participant under such terms and conditions as shall be established by the Committee, provided, however, that such terms and conditions are (i) not inconsistent with the Plan, (ii) to the extent a Restricted Stock Unit issued under the Plan is subject to Section 409A of the Code, in compliance with the applicable requirements of Section 409A of the Code and the regulations or other guidance issued thereunder, and (iii) to the extent the Committee determines that a Restricted Stock Unit award shall comply with the requirements of Section 162(m) of the Code, in compliance with the applicable requirements of Section 162(m) and the regulations and other guidance issued thereunder. Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to such restrictions as the Committee determines, including, without limitation, (a) a prohibition against sale, assignment, transfer, pledge, hypothecation or other encumbrance for a specified period; or (b) a requirement that the holder forfeit (or in the case of shares of Common Stock or units sold to the Participant, resell to the Company at cost) such shares or units in the event of Termination of Service during the period of restriction.
6.7 Performance Awards. 
(a) The Committee may grant Performance Awards to one or more Participants. The terms and conditions of Performance Awards shall be specified at the time of the grant and may include provisions establishing the performance period, the Performance Goals to be achieved during a performance period, and the maximum or minimum settlement values, provided that such terms and conditions are (i) not inconsistent with the Plan and (ii) to the extent a Performance Award issued under the Plan is subject to Section 409A of the Code, in compliance with the applicable requirements of Section 409A of the Code and the regulations or other guidance issued thereunder. If the Performance Award is to be in shares of Common Stock, the Performance Awards may provide for the issuance of the shares of Common Stock at the time of the grant of the Performance Award or at the time of the certification by the Committee that the Performance Goals for the performance period have been met; provided, however, if shares of Common Stock are issued at the time of the grant of the Performance Award and if, at the end of the performance period, the Performance Goals are not certified by the Committee to have been fully satisfied, then, notwithstanding any other provisions of this Plan to the contrary, the Common Stock shall be forfeited in accordance with the terms of the grant to the extent the Committee determines that the Performance Goals were not met. The forfeiture of shares of Common Stock issued at the time of the grant of the Performance Award due to failure to achieve the established Performance Goals shall be separate from and in addition to any other restrictions provided for in this Plan that may be applicable to such shares of Common Stock. Each Performance Award granted to one or more Participants shall have its own terms and conditions.
To the extent the Committee determines that a Performance Award shall comply with the requirements of Section 162(m) of the Code and the regulations and other guidance issued thereunder, and if it is determined to be necessary in order to satisfy Section 162(m) of the Code, at the time of the grant of a Performance Award (other than a Stock Option) and to the extent permitted under Section 162(m) of the Code and the regulations issued thereunder, the Committee shall provide for the manner in which the Performance Goals shall be reduced to take into account the negative effect on the achievement of specified levels of the Performance Goals which may result from enumerated corporate transactions, extraordinary events, accounting changes and other similar occurrences which were unanticipated at the time the Performance Goal was initially established. In no event, however, may the Committee increase the amount earned under such a Performance Award, unless the reduction in the Performance Goals would reduce or eliminate the amount to be earned under the Performance Award and the Committee determines not to make such reduction or elimination.
With respect to a Performance Award that is not intended to satisfy the requirements of Code Section 162(m), if the Committee determines, in its sole discretion, that the established performance measures or objectives are no longer suitable because of a change in the Company's business, operations, corporate structure, or for other reasons that the Committee deemed satisfactory, the Committee may modify the performance measures or objectives and/or the performance period.
(b) Performance Awards may be valued by reference to the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock or according to any formula or method deemed appropriate by the Committee, in its sole discretion, including, but not limited to, achievement of Performance Goals or other specific financial, production, sales or cost performance objectives that the Committee believes to be relevant to the Company's business and/or remaining in the employ of the Company or a Subsidiary for a specified period of time. Performance Awards may be paid in cash, shares of Common Stock, or other consideration, or any combination thereof. If payable in shares of Common Stock, the consideration for the issuance of such shares may be the achievement of the performance objective established at the time of the grant of the Performance Award. Performance Awards may be payable in a single payment or in installments and may be payable at a specified date or dates or upon attaining the performance objective. The extent to which any applicable performance objective has been achieved shall be conclusively determined by the Committee.
(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, in order to comply with the requirements of Section 162(m) of the Code, if applicable, no Participant may receive in any calendar year Performance Awards intended to comply with the requirements of Section 162(m) of the Code which have an aggregate value of more than $5,000,000, and if such Performance Awards involve the issuance of shares of Common Stock, said aggregate value shall be based on the Fair Market Value of such shares on the time of the grant of the Performance Award. In no event, however, shall any Performance Awards not intended to comply with the requirements of Section 162(m) of the Code be issued contingent upon the failure to attain the Performance Goals applicable to any Performance Awards granted hereunder that the Committee intends to comply with the requirements of Section 162(m) of the Code.
6.8 Dividend Equivalent Rights. The Committee may grant a Dividend Equivalent Right to any Participant, either as a component of another Award or as a separate Award. The terms and conditions of the Dividend Equivalent Right shall be specified by the grant. Dividend equivalents credited to the holder of a Dividend Equivalent Right may be paid currently or may be deemed to be reinvested in additional shares of Common Stock (which may thereafter accrue additional dividend equivalents). Any such reinvestment shall be at the Fair Market Value at the time thereof. Dividend Equivalent Rights may be settled in cash or shares of Common Stock, or a combination thereof, in a single payment or in installments. A Dividend Equivalent Right granted as a component of another Award may provide that such Dividend Equivalent Right shall be settled upon exercise, settlement, or payment of, or lapse of restrictions on, such other Award, and that such Dividend Equivalent Right granted as a component of another Award may also contain terms and conditions different from such other Award.
6.9 Other Awards. The Committee may grant to any Participant other forms of Awards, based upon, payable in, or otherwise related to, in whole or in part, shares of Common Stock, if the Committee determines that such other form of Award is consistent with the purpose and restrictions of this Plan. The terms and conditions of such other form of Award shall be specified by the grant. Such Other Awards may be granted for no cash consideration, for such minimum consideration as may be required by Applicable Law, or for such other consideration as may be specified by the grant.
6.10 Performance Goals. Awards of Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Award and Other Awards (whether relating to cash or shares of Common Stock) under the Plan may be made subject to the attainment of Performance Goals relating to one or more business criteria which, where applicable, shall be within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code and consist of one or more or any combination of the following criteria: cash flow; cost; revenues; sales; ratio of debt to debt plus equity; net borrowing, credit quality or debt ratings; profit before tax; economic profit; earnings before interest and taxes; earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization; gross margin; earnings per share (whether on a pre-tax, after-tax, operational or other basis); operating earnings; capital expenditures; expenses or expense levels; economic value added; ratio of operating earnings to capital spending or any other operating ratios; free cash flow; net profit; net sales; net asset value per share; the accomplishment of mergers, acquisitions, dispositions, public offerings or similar extraordinary business transactions; sales growth; price of the Company's Common Stock; return on assets, equity or stockholders' equity; market share; inventory levels, inventory turn or shrinkage; or total return to stockholders ("Performance Criteria"). Any Performance Criteria may be used to measure the performance of the Company as a whole or any business unit of the Company and may be measured relative to a peer group or index. Any Performance Criteria may include or exclude (i) extraordinary, unusual and/or non-recurring items of gain or loss, (ii) gains or losses on the disposition of a business, (iii) changes in tax or accounting regulations or laws, (iv) the effect of a merger or acquisition, as identified in the Company's quarterly and annual earnings releases, or (v) other similar occurrences. In all other respects, Performance Criteria shall be calculated in accordance with the Company's financial statements, under generally accepted accounting principles, or under a methodology established by the Committee prior to the issuance of an Award which is consistently applied and identified in the audited financial statements, including footnotes, or the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section of the Company's annual report. However, to the extent Section 162(m) of the Code is applicable, the Committee may not in any event increase the amount of compensation payable to an individual upon the attainment of a Performance Goal.
6.11 Tandem Awards. The Committee may grant two or more Incentives in one Award in the form of a "tandem Award," so that the right of the Participant to exercise one Incentive shall be canceled if, and to the extent, the other Incentive is exercised. For example, if a Stock Option and a SAR are issued in a tandem Award, and the Participant exercises the SAR with respect to one hundred (100) shares of Common Stock, the right of the Participant to exercise the related Stock Option shall be canceled to the extent of one hundred (100) shares of Common Stock.
Article 7
AWARD PERIOD; VESTING
7.1 Award Period. Subject to the other provisions of this Plan, the Committee may, in its discretion, provide that an Incentive may not be exercised in whole or in part for any period or periods of time or beyond any date specified in the Award Agreement. Except as provided in the Award Agreement, an Incentive may be exercised in whole or in part at any time during its term. The Award Period for an Incentive shall be reduced or terminated upon Termination of Service. No Incentive granted under the Plan may be exercised at any time after the end of its Award Period. No portion of any Incentive may be exercised after the expiration of ten (10) years from its Date of Grant. However, if an Employee owns or is deemed to own (by reason of the attribution rules of Section 424(d) of the Code) more than ten percent (10%) of the combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company (or any parent or Subsidiary) and an Incentive Stock Option is granted to such Employee, the term of such Incentive Stock Option (to the extent required by the Code at the time of grant) shall be no more than five (5) years from the Date of Grant.
7.2 Vesting. The Committee, in its sole discretion, may determine that an Incentive will be immediately vested in whole or in part, or that all or any portion may not be vested until a date, or dates, subsequent to its Date of Grant, or until the occurrence of one or more specified events, subject in any case to the terms of the Plan. If the Committee imposes conditions upon vesting, then, subsequent to the Date of Grant, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, accelerate the date on which all or any portion of the Incentive may be vested.
Article 8
EXERCISE OR CONVERSION OF INCENTIVE
8.1 In General. A vested Incentive may be exercised or converted, during its Award Period, subject to limitations and restrictions set forth in the Award Agreement.
8.2 Securities Law and Exchange Restrictions. In no event may an Incentive be exercised or shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to an Award if a necessary listing or quotation of the shares of Common Stock on a stock exchange or inter-dealer quotation system or any registration under state or federal securities laws required under the circumstances has not been accomplished.
8.3 Exercise of Stock Option.
(a) In General. If a Stock Option is exercisable prior to the time it is vested, the Common Stock obtained on the exercise of the Stock Option shall be Restricted Stock which is subject to the applicable provisions of the Plan and the Award Agreement. If the Committee imposes conditions upon exercise, then subsequent to the Date of Grant, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, accelerate the date on which all or any portion of the Stock Option may be exercised. No Stock Option may be exercised for a fractional share of Common Stock. The granting of a Stock Option shall impose no obligation upon the Participant to exercise that Stock Option.
(b) Notice and Payment. Subject to such administrative regulations as the Committee may from time to time adopt, a Stock Option may be exercised by the delivery of written notice to the Committee setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock with respect to which the Stock Option is to be exercised and the date of exercise thereof (the "Exercise Date") which shall be at least three (3) days after giving such notice unless an earlier time shall have been mutually agreed upon. On the Exercise Date, the Participant shall deliver to the Company consideration with a value equal to the total Option Price of the shares to be purchased, payable as provided in the Award Agreement, which may provide for payment in any one or more of the following ways: (a) cash or check, bank draft, or money order payable to the order of the Company, (b) Common Stock (including Restricted Stock) owned by the Participant on the Exercise Date, valued at its Fair Market Value on the Exercise Date, and which the Participant has not acquired from the Company within six (6) months prior to the Exercise Date, (c) by delivery (including by FAX) to the Company or its designated agent of an executed irrevocable option exercise form together with irrevocable instructions from the Participant to a broker or dealer, reasonably acceptable to the Company, to sell certain of the shares of Common Stock purchased upon exercise of the Stock Option or to pledge such shares as collateral for a loan and promptly deliver to the Company the amount of sale or loan proceeds necessary to pay such purchase price, and/or (d) in any other form of valid consideration that is acceptable to the Committee in its sole discretion. In the event that shares of Restricted Stock are tendered as consideration for the exercise of a Stock Option, a number of shares of Common Stock issued upon the exercise of the Stock Option equal to the number of shares of Restricted Stock used as consideration therefor shall be subject to the same restrictions and provisions as the Restricted Stock so tendered.
(c) Issuance of Certificate. Except as otherwise provided in Section 6.4 hereof (with respect to shares of Restricted Stock) or in the applicable Award Agreement, upon payment of all amounts due from the Participant, the Company shall cause the Common Stock then being purchased to be registered in the Participant's name (or the person exercising the Participant's Stock Option in the event of his or her death), but shall not issue certificates for the Common Stock unless the Participant or such other person requests delivery of the certificates for the Common Stock, in writing in accordance with the procedures established by the Committee. The Company shall deliver certificates to the Participant (or the person exercising the Participant's Stock Option in the event of his or her death) as soon as administratively practicable following the Company's receipt of a written request from the Participant or such other person for delivery of the certificates. Notwithstanding the forgoing, if the Participant has exercised an Incentive Stock Option, the Company may at its option retain physical possession of the certificate evidencing the shares acquired upon exercise until the expiration of the holding periods described in Section 422(a)(1) of the Code. Any obligation of the Company to deliver shares of Common Stock shall, however, be subject to the condition that, if at any time the Committee shall determine in its discretion that the listing, registration, or qualification of the Stock Option or the Common Stock upon any securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system or under any state or federal law, or the consent or approval of any governmental regulatory body, is necessary as a condition of, or in connection with, the Stock Option or the issuance or purchase of shares of Common Stock thereunder, the Stock Option may not be exercised in whole or in part unless such listing, registration, qualification, consent, or approval shall have been effected or obtained free of any conditions not reasonably acceptable to the Committee.
(d) Failure to Pay. Except as may otherwise be provided in an Award Agreement, if the Participant fails to pay for any of the Common Stock specified in such notice or fails to accept delivery thereof, that portion of the Participant's Stock Option and right to purchase such Common Stock may be forfeited by the Participant.
8.4 SARs. Subject to the conditions of this Section 8.4 and such administrative regulations as the Committee may from time to time adopt, a SAR may be exercised by the delivery (including by FAX) of written notice to the Committee setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock with respect to which the SAR is to be exercised and the date of exercise thereof (the "Exercise Date") which shall be at least three (3) days after giving such notice unless an earlier time shall have been mutually agreed upon. Subject to the terms of the Award Agreement and only if permissible under Section 409A of the Code and the regulations or other guidance issued thereunder (or, if not so permissible, at such time as permitted by Section 409A of the Code and the regulations or other guidance issued thereunder), the Participant shall receive from the Company in exchange therefor in the discretion of the Committee, and subject to the terms of the Award Agreement:
(a) cash in an amount equal to the excess (if any) of the Fair Market Value (as of the Exercise Date, or if provided in the Award Agreement, conversion, of the SAR) per share of Common Stock over the SAR Price per share specified in such SAR, multiplied by the total number of shares of Common Stock of the SAR being surrendered;
(b) that number of shares of Common Stock having an aggregate Fair Market Value (as of the Exercise Date, or if provided in the Award Agreement, conversion, of the SAR) equal to the amount of cash otherwise payable to the Participant, with a cash settlement to be made for any fractional share interests; or
(c) the Company may settle such obligation in part with shares of Common Stock and in part with cash.
The distribution of any cash or Common Stock pursuant to the foregoing sentence shall be made at such time as set forth in the Award Agreement.
8.5 Disqualifying Disposition of Incentive Stock Option. If shares of Common Stock acquired upon exercise of an Incentive Stock Option are disposed of by a Participant prior to the expiration of either two (2) years from the Date of Grant of such Stock Option or one (1) year from the transfer of shares of Common Stock to the Participant pursuant to the exercise of such Stock Option, or in any other disqualifying disposition within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code, such Participant shall notify the Company in writing of the date and terms of such disposition. A disqualifying disposition by a Participant shall not affect the status of any other Stock Option granted under the Plan as an Incentive Stock Option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code.
Article 9
AMENDMENT OR DISCONTINUANCE
Subject to the limitations set forth in this Article 9, the Board may at any time and from time to time, without the consent of the Participants, alter, amend, revise, suspend, or discontinue the Plan in whole or in part; provided, however, that no amendment for which stockholder approval is required either (i) by any securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system on which the Common Stock is listed or traded or (ii) in order for the Plan and Incentives awarded under the Plan to continue to comply with Sections 162(m), 421, and 422 of the Code, including any successors to such Sections, or other Applicable Law, shall be effective unless such amendment shall be approved by the requisite vote of the stockholders of the Company entitled to vote thereon. Any such amendment shall, to the extent deemed necessary or advisable by the Committee, be applicable to any outstanding Incentives theretofore granted under the Plan, notwithstanding any contrary provisions contained in any Award Agreement. In the event of any such amendment to the Plan, the holder of any Incentive outstanding under the Plan shall, upon request of the Committee and as a condition to the exercisability thereof, execute a conforming amendment in the form prescribed by the Committee to any Award Agreement relating thereto. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Plan to the contrary, unless required by law, no action contemplated or permitted by this Article 9 shall adversely affect any rights of Participants or obligations of the Company to Participants with respect to any Incentive theretofore granted under the Plan without the consent of the affected Participant.
Article 10
TERM
The Plan shall be effective from the date that this Plan is adopted by the Board. Unless sooner terminated by action of the Board, the Plan will terminate on October 25, 2023, but Incentives granted before that date will continue to be effective in accordance with their terms and conditions.
Article 11
CAPITAL ADJUSTMENTS
In the event that any dividend or other distribution (whether in the form of cash, Common Stock, other securities, or other property), recapitalization, stock split, reverse stock split, rights offering, reorganization, merger, consolidation, split-up, spin-off, split-off, combination, subdivision, repurchase, or exchange of Common Stock or other securities of the Company, issuance of warrants or other rights to purchase Common Stock or other securities of the Company, or other similar corporate transaction or event affects the fair value of an Award, then the Committee shall adjust any or all of the following so that the fair value of the Award immediately after the transaction or event is equal to the fair value of the Award immediately prior to the transaction or event (i) the number of shares and type of Common Stock (or the securities or property) which thereafter may be made the subject of Awards, (ii) the number of shares and type of Common Stock (or other securities or property) subject to outstanding Awards, (iii) the number of shares and type of Common Stock (or other securities or property) specified as the annual per-participant limitation under Section 5.1 of the Plan, (iv) the Option Price of each outstanding Award, (v) the amount, if any, the Company pays for forfeited shares of Common Stock in accordance with Section 6.4, and (vi) the number of or SAR Price of shares of Common Stock then subject to outstanding SARs previously granted and unexercised under the Plan, to the end that the same proportion of the Company's issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock in each instance shall remain subject to exercise at the same aggregate SAR Price; provided however, that the number of shares of Common Stock (or other securities or property) subject to any Award shall always be a whole number. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no such adjustment shall be made or authorized to the extent that such adjustment would cause the Plan or any Stock Option to violate Section 422 of the Code or Section 409A of the Code. Such adjustments shall be made in accordance with the rules of any securities exchange, stock market, or stock quotation system to which the Company is subject.
Upon the occurrence of any such adjustment, the Company shall provide notice to each affected Participant of its computation of such adjustment which shall be conclusive and shall be binding upon each such Participant.
Article 12
RECAPITALIZATION, MERGER AND CONSOLIDATION
12.1 No Effect on Company's Authority. The existence of this Plan and Incentives granted hereunder shall not affect in any way the right or power of the Company or its stockholders to make or authorize any or all adjustments, recapitalizations, reorganizations, or other changes in the Company's capital structure and its business, or any Change in Control, or any merger or consolidation of the Company, or any issuance of bonds, debentures, preferred or preference stocks ranking prior to or otherwise affecting the Common Stock or the rights thereof (or any rights, options, or warrants to purchase same), or the dissolution or liquidation of the Company, or any sale or transfer of all or any part of its assets or business, or any other corporate act or proceeding, whether of a similar character or otherwise.
12.2 Conversion of Incentives Where Company Survives. Subject to any required action by the stockholders and except as otherwise provided by Section 12.4 hereof or as may be required to comply with Section 409A of the Code and the regulations or other guidance issued thereunder, if the Company shall be the surviving or resulting corporation in any merger, consolidation or share exchange, any Incentive granted hereunder shall pertain to and apply to the securities or rights (including cash, property, or assets) to which a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock subject to the Incentive would have been entitled.
12.3 Exchange or Cancellation of Incentives Where Company Does Not Survive. Except as otherwise provided by Section 12.4 hereof or as may be required to comply with Section 409A of the Code and the regulations or other guidance issued thereunder, in the event of any merger, consolidation or share exchange pursuant to which the Company is not the surviving or resulting corporation, there shall be substituted for each share of Common Stock subject to the unexercised portions of outstanding Incentives, that number of shares of each class of stock or other securities or that amount of cash, property, or assets of the surviving, resulting or consolidated company which were distributed or distributable to the stockholders of the Company in respect to each share of Common Stock held by them, such outstanding Incentives to be thereafter exercisable for such stock, securities, cash, or property in accordance with their terms.
12.4 Cancellation of Incentives. Notwithstanding the provisions of Sections 12.2 and 12.3 hereof, and except as may be required to comply with Section 409A of the Code and the regulations or other guidance issued thereunder, all Incentives granted hereunder may be canceled by the Company, in its sole discretion, as of the effective date of any Change in Control, merger, consolidation or share exchange, or any issuance of bonds, debentures, preferred or preference stocks ranking prior to or otherwise affecting the Common Stock or the rights thereof (or any rights, options, or warrants to purchase same), or of any proposed sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or of any dissolution or liquidation of the Company, by either:
(a) giving notice to each holder thereof or his personal representative of its intention to cancel those Incentives for which the issuance of shares of Common Stock involved payment by the Participant for such shares, and permitting the purchase during the thirty (30) day period next preceding such effective date of any or all of the shares of Common Stock subject to such outstanding Incentives, including in the Board's discretion some or all of the shares as to which such Incentives would not otherwise be vested and exercisable; or
(b) in the case of Incentives that are either (i) settled only in shares of Common Stock, or (ii) at the election of the Participant, settled in shares of Common Stock, paying the holder thereof an amount equal to a reasonable estimate of the difference between the net amount per share payable in such transaction or as a result of such transaction, and the price per share of such Incentive to be paid by the Participant (hereinafter the "Spread"), multiplied by the number of shares subject to the Incentive. In cases where the shares constitute, or would after exercise, constitute Restricted Stock, the Company, in its discretion, may include some or all of those shares in the calculation of the amount payable hereunder. In estimating the Spread, appropriate adjustments to give effect to the existence of the Incentives shall be made, such as deeming the Incentives to have been exercised, with the Company receiving the exercise price payable thereunder, and treating the shares receivable upon exercise of the Incentives as being outstanding in determining the net amount per share. In cases where the proposed transaction consists of the acquisition of assets of the Company, the net amount per share shall be calculated on the basis of the net amount receivable with respect to shares of Common Stock upon a distribution and liquidation by the Company after giving effect to expenses and charges, including but not limited to taxes, payable by the Company before such liquidation could be completed.
(c) An Award that by its terms would be fully vested or exercisable upon a Change in Control will be considered vested or exercisable for purposes of Section 12.4(a) hereof.
Article 13
LIQUIDATION OR DISSOLUTION
Subject to Section 12.4 hereof, in case the Company shall, at any time while any Incentive under this Plan shall be in force and remain unexpired, (i) sell all or substantially all of its property, or (ii) dissolve, liquidate, or wind up its affairs, then each Participant shall be entitled to receive, in lieu of each share of Common Stock of the Company which such Participant would have been entitled to receive under the Incentive, the same kind and amount of any securities or assets as may be issuable, distributable, or payable upon any such sale, dissolution, liquidation, or winding up with respect to each share of Common Stock of the Company. If the Company shall, at any time prior to the expiration of any Incentive, make any partial distribution of its assets, in the nature of a partial liquidation, whether payable in cash or in kind (but excluding the distribution of a cash dividend payable out of earned surplus and designated as such) and an adjustment is determined by the Committee to be appropriate to prevent the dilution of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available under the Plan, then the Committee shall, in such manner as it may deem equitable, make such adjustment in accordance with the provisions of Article 11 hereof.
Article 14
INCENTIVES IN SUBSTITUTION FOR
INCENTIVES GRANTED BY OTHER ENTITIES
Incentives may be granted under the Plan from time to time in substitution for similar instruments held by employees, independent contractors or directors of a corporation, partnership, or limited liability company who become or are about to become Employees, Contractors or Outside Directors of the Company or any Subsidiary as a result of a merger or consolidation of the employing corporation with the Company, the acquisition by the Company of equity of the employing entity, or any other similar transaction pursuant to which the Company becomes the successor employer. The terms and conditions of the substitute Incentives so granted may vary from the terms and conditions set forth in this Plan to such extent as the Committee at the time of grant may deem appropriate to conform, in whole or in part, to the provisions of the Incentives in substitution for which they are granted.
Article 15
MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS
15.1 Investment Intent. The Company may require that there be presented to and filed with it by any Participant under the Plan, such evidence as it may deem necessary to establish that the Incentives granted or the shares of Common Stock to be purchased or transferred are being acquired for investment and not with a view to their distribution.
15.2 No Right to Continued Employment. Neither the Plan nor any Incentive granted under the Plan shall confer upon any Participant any right with respect to continuance of employment by the Company or any Subsidiary.
15.3 Indemnification of Board and Committee. No member of the Board or the Committee, nor any officer or Employee of the Company acting on behalf of the Board or the Committee, shall be personally liable for any action, determination, or interpretation taken or made in good faith with respect to the Plan, and all members of the Board and the Committee, each officer of the Company, and each Employee of the Company acting on behalf of the Board or the Committee shall, to the extent permitted by law, be fully indemnified and protected by the Company in respect of any such action, determination, or interpretation.
15.4 Effect of the Plan. Neither the adoption of this Plan nor any action of the Board or the Committee shall be deemed to give any person any right to be granted an Award or any other rights except as may be evidenced by an Award Agreement, or any amendment thereto, duly authorized by the Committee and executed on behalf of the Company, and then only to the extent and upon the terms and conditions expressly set forth therein.
15.5 Compliance With Other Laws and Regulations. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the Company shall not be required to sell or issue shares of Common Stock under any Incentive if the issuance thereof would constitute a violation by the Participant or the Company of any provisions of any law or regulation of any governmental authority or any national securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system or other forum in which shares of Common Stock are quoted or traded (including without limitation Section 16 of the Exchange Act and Section 162(m) of the Code); and, as a condition of any sale or issuance of shares of Common Stock under an Incentive, the Committee may require such agreements or undertakings, if any, as the Committee may deem necessary or advisable to assure compliance with any such law or regulation. The Plan, the grant and exercise of Incentives hereunder, and the obligation of the Company to sell and deliver shares of Common Stock, shall be subject to all applicable federal and state laws, rules and regulations and to such approvals by any government or regulatory agency as may be required.
15.6 Foreign Participation. To assure the viability of Awards granted to Participants employed in foreign countries, the Committee may provide for such special terms as it may consider necessary or appropriate to accommodate differences in local law, tax policy or custom. Moreover, the Committee may approve such supplements to, or amendments, restatements or alternative versions of, this Plan as it determines is necessary or appropriate for such purposes. Any such amendment, restatement or alternative versions that the Committee approves for purposes of using this Plan in a foreign country will not affect the terms of this Plan for any other country.
15.7 Tax Requirements. The Company or, if applicable, any Subsidiary (for purposes of this Section 15.7, the term "Company" shall be deemed to include any applicable Subsidiary), shall have the right to deduct from all amounts paid in cash or other form in connection with the Plan, any Federal, state, local, or other taxes required by law to be withheld in connection with an Award granted under this Plan. The Company may, in its sole discretion, also require the Participant receiving shares of Common Stock issued under the Plan to pay the Company the amount of any taxes that the Company is required to withhold in connection with the Participant's income arising with respect to the Award. Such payments shall be required to be made when requested by Company and may be required to be made prior to the delivery of any certificate representing shares of Common Stock. Such payment may be made (i) by the delivery of cash to the Company in an amount that equals or exceeds (to avoid the issuance of fractional shares under (iii) below) the required tax withholding obligations of the Company; (ii) if the Company, in its sole discretion, so consents in writing, the actual delivery by the exercising Participant to the Company of shares of Common Stock that the Participant has not acquired from the Company within six (6) months prior to the date of exercise, which shares so delivered have an aggregate Fair Market Value that equals or exceeds (to avoid the issuance of fractional shares under (iii) below) the required tax withholding payment; (iii) if the Company, in its sole discretion, so consents in writing, the Company's withholding of a number of shares to be delivered upon the exercise of the Stock Option, which shares so withheld have an aggregate fair market value that equals (but does not exceed) the required tax withholding payment; or (iv) any combination of (i), (ii), or (iii). The Company may, in its sole discretion, withhold any such taxes from any other cash remuneration otherwise paid by the Company to the Participant. The Committee may in the Award Agreement impose any additional tax requirements or provisions that the Committee deems necessary or desirable.
15.8 Assignability. Incentive Stock Options may not be transferred, assigned, pledged, hypothecated or otherwise conveyed or encumbered other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution and may be exercised during the lifetime of the Participant only by the Participant or the Participant's legally authorized representative, and each Award Agreement in respect of an Incentive Stock Option shall so provide. The designation by a Participant of a beneficiary will not constitute a transfer of the Stock Option. The Committee may waive or modify any limitation contained in the preceding sentences of this Section 15.8 that is not required for compliance with Section 422 of the Code.
Except as otherwise provided herein, Nonqualified Stock Options and SARs may not be transferred, assigned, pledged, hypothecated or otherwise conveyed or encumbered other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution. The Committee may, in its discretion, authorize all or a portion of a Nonqualified Stock Option or SAR to be granted to a Participant on terms which permit transfer by such Participant to (i) the spouse (or former spouse), children or grandchildren of the Participant ("Immediate Family Members"), (ii) a trust or trusts for the exclusive benefit of such Immediate Family Members, (iii) a partnership in which the only partners are (1) such Immediate Family Members and/or (2) entities which are controlled by Immediate Family Members, (iv) an entity exempt from federal income tax pursuant to Section 501(c)(3) of the Code or any successor provision, or (v) a split interest trust or pooled income fund described in Section 2522(c)(2) of the Code or any successor provision, provided that (x) there shall be no consideration for any such transfer, (y) the Award Agreement pursuant to which such Nonqualified Stock Option or SAR is granted must be approved by the Committee and must expressly provide for transferability in a manner consistent with this Section, and (z) subsequent transfers of transferred Nonqualified Stock Options or SARs shall be prohibited except those by will or the laws of descent and distribution.
Following any transfer, any such Nonqualified Stock Option and SAR shall continue to be subject to the same terms and conditions as were applicable immediately prior to transfer, provided that for purposes of Articles 8, 9, 11, 13 and 15 hereof the term "Participant" shall be deemed to include the transferee. The events of Termination of Service shall continue to be applied with respect to the original Participant, following which the Nonqualified Stock Options and SARs shall be exercisable or convertible by the transferee only to the extent and for the periods specified in the Award Agreement. The Committee and the Company shall have no obligation to inform any transferee of a Nonqualified Stock Option or SAR of any expiration, termination, lapse or acceleration of such Stock Option or SAR. The Company shall have no obligation to register with any federal or state securities commission or agency any Common Stock issuable or issued under a Nonqualified Stock Option or SAR that has been transferred by a Participant under this Section 15.8.
15.9 Use of Proceeds. Proceeds from the sale of shares of Common Stock pursuant to Incentives granted under this Plan shall constitute general funds of the Company.
15.10 Legend. Each certificate representing shares of Restricted Stock issued to a Participant shall bear the following legend, or a similar legend deemed by the Company to constitute an appropriate notice of the provisions hereof (any such certificate not having such legend shall be surrendered upon demand by the Company and so endorsed):
On the face of the certificate:
"Transfer of this stock is restricted in accordance with conditions printed on the reverse of this certificate."
On the reverse:
"The shares of stock evidenced by this certificate are subject to and transferable only in accordance with that certain InspireMD, Inc. 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan, a copy of which is on file at the principal office of the Company in Boston, Massachusetts. No transfer or pledge of the shares evidenced hereby may be made except in accordance with and subject to the provisions of said Plan. By acceptance of this certificate, any holder, transferee or pledgee hereof agrees to be bound by all of the provisions of said Plan."
The following legend shall be inserted on a certificate evidencing Common Stock issued under the Plan if the shares were not issued in a transaction registered under the applicable federal and state securities laws:
"Shares of stock represented by this certificate have been acquired by the holder for investment and not for resale, transfer or distribution, have been issued pursuant to exemptions from the registration requirements of applicable state and federal securities laws, and may not be offered for sale, sold or transferred other than pursuant to effective registration under such laws, or in transactions otherwise in compliance with such laws, and upon evidence satisfactory to the Company of compliance with such laws, as to which the Company may rely upon an opinion of counsel satisfactory to the Company."
Article 16
ACCELERATION OF AWARD VESTING
16.1 Application. The provisions of this Article 16 shall apply notwithstanding any provisions of this Plan to the contrary.
16.2 Definitions.
(a) "Exempt Shares" means shares of Common Stock designated as "Exempt Shares" pursuant to Section 16.3.
(b) "Full Value Award" means any Award with a net benefit to the Participant, without regard to any restrictions such as those described in Section 6.4(b), equal to the aggregate Fair Market Value of the total shares of Common Stock subject to the Award. Full Value Awards include Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units, but do not include Stock Options and SARs.
(c) "Tenure Award" means an Award hereunder of cash, shares of Common Stock, units or rights based upon, payable in, or otherwise related to, Common Stock that vests over time based upon the Participant's continued employment with or service to the Company or its Subsidiaries.
16.3 Number of Shares Available for Awards. No more than ten percent (10%) of the shares of Common Stock that may be delivered pursuant to Awards under Section 5.1 may be shares designated as "Exempt Shares."
16.4 Full Value Award Vesting. Except as otherwise provided herein, the Committee must grant all Full Value Awards in accordance with the following provisions:
(a) All Full Value Awards granted by the Committee that constitute Performance Awards must vest no earlier than one (1) year after the Date of Grant.
(b) All Full Value Awards granted by the Committee that constitute Tenure Awards must vest no earlier than over the three (3) year period commencing on the Date of Grant on a pro rata basis.
(c) The Committee may not accelerate the date on which all or any portion of a Full Value Award may be vested or waive the Restriction Period on a Full Value Award except upon the Participant's death, Total and Permanent Disability or Retirement or the occurrence of a Change in Control.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, grant Full Value Awards with more favorable vesting provisions than set forth in this Section 16.4 or accelerate the vesting or waive the Restriction Period for Full Value Awards at any time, provided that the shares of Common Stock subject to such Awards shall be Exempt Shares.
A copy of this Plan shall be kept on file in the principal office of the Company in Boston, Massachusetts.
***************
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this instrument to be executed as of October 25, 2013, by its Chief Executive Officer and Secretary pursuant to prior action taken by the Board.
Attest:
APPENDIX A
INSPIREMD, INC.
2013 Employee Stock Incentive Plan
Designated for the Israeli Income Tax Ordinance
ARTICLE I
Purpose
ARTICLE II
Administration
1 s. 102 (a) of the Ordinance: "employer company" – any of the following: (1) an employer that is an Israeli resident company or a foreign resident company with a permanent enterprise or a research and development center in Israel, if the Commissioner so approved (for this purpose: the employer), (2) a company that is a controlling member of the employer or of which the employer is a controlling member, or (3) a company controlled by a person if the same person controls the employer.
2 s. 32(9) of the Ordinance: "controlling member" – a person who holds, directly or indirectly, alone or with a relative, one of the following: (a) at least 10% of the issued share capital or at least 10% of the voting power; the right to hold at least 10% of the issued share capital or at least 10% of the voting power, or a right to acquire either; (c) the right to receive at least 10% of the profits; (d) the right to appoint a director.
ARTICLE III
Incentive Shares
ARTICLE IV
Incentive Price
ARTICLE V
Terms of Awards
ARTICLE VI
Exercise of Options, Termination
ARTICLE VII
Non-Transferability of Incentive Rights
ARTICLE VIII
Adjustments for any unexercised Incentive remain outstanding under the Israeli Plan (the "Unexercised Incentive"), there shall be substituted for the Shares subject to the Unexercised Incentive an appropriate number of shares of such class of shares or other securities of the Successor Company or the Acquiring Company, as the case may be (or, if such company is not an operating company, of the first operating company in the ownership chain of such company) (the "Substitute Shares"). Appropriate equitable adjustments shall be made in the purchase price per share of the Substitute Shares subject to the Unexercised Incentive, and all other terms and conditions of the Award Agreements, such as the vesting dates, shall remain in force, all as will be determined by the Board whose determination shall be final.
ARTICLE IX 
Changes in Capitalization
ARTICLE X
Trustee
ARTICLE XI
No Obligation to Exercise Incentive
ARTICLE XII
Use of Proceeds
ARTICLE XIII
Rights of a Stockholder; Voting Rights
ARTICLE XIV
Employment Rights
ARTICLE XV
Compliance with the Law
ARTICLE XVI
Transfer of Shares
ARTICLE XVII
Investment Representation
ARTICLE XVIII
Effectiveness and Term of Plan
ARTICLE XIX
Amendment or Discontinuance of Plan
ARTICLE XX
Tax Consequences and Other Requirements
ARTICLE XXI
Governing Law
ARTICLE XXII
Notices
ARTICLE XXIII
Interpretation
***************
Annex C
If the proposal to approve the amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation to effect the Reverse Stock Split (Proposal 3) is approved, the amended and restated certificate of incorporation of InspireMD, Inc. will be amended in the form below (deletions are shown with a strike-through and additions are underlined):
PROPOSED AMENDMENT 
TO THE 
AMENDED AND RESTATED 
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION 
OF 
INSPIREMD, INC.
FOURTH:
B. Effective as of [● ], New York time, on [● ], 2019 (the "Effective Time"), each share of the Corporation's common stock, $0.0001 par value per share (the "Old Common Stock"), either issued or outstanding or held by the Corporation as treasury stock, immediately prior to the Effective Time, will be automatically reclassified as and converted (without any further act) into 1/[● ] of a fully paid and nonassessable share of common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, of the Corporation (the "New Common Stock") without increasing or decreasing the amount of stated capital or paid-in surplus of the Corporation (the "Reverse Stock Split"), provided that no fractional shares shall be issued to any registered holder of Old Common Stock immediately prior to the Effective Time, and that instead of issuing such fractional shares to such holders, such fractional shares shall be rounded up to the next even number of shares of Common Stock issued as a result of this Reverse Stock Split at no cost to the stockholder. Any stock certificate that, immediately prior to the Effective Time, represented shares of the Old Common Stock will, from and after the Effective Time, automatically and without the necessity of presenting the same for exchange, represent the number of shares of the New Common Stock as equals the product obtained by multiplying the number of shares of Old Common Stock represented by such certificate immediately prior to the Effective Time by 1/[● ].
Annex D
FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT 
OF
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
OF 
INSPIREMD, INC.
InspireMD, Inc. (the "Corporation"), a corporation organized and existing under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, does hereby certify that:
1. Resolutions were duly adopted by the Board of Directors of the Corporation setting forth this proposed Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation and declaring said amendment to be advisable and calling for the consideration and approval thereof at a meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation.
2. The Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation is hereby amended by deleting subsection (A) of ARTICLE FOURTH in its entirety and inserting the following in lieu thereof:
"FOURTH: A. The total number of shares of all classes of stock which the Corporation shall have authority to issue is Five Hundred and Five Million (505,000,000), consisting of Five Hundred Million (500,000,000) shares of Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the "Common Stock") and Five Million (5,000,000) shares of Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the "Preferred Stock")."
3. Pursuant to the resolution of the Board of Directors, an annual meeting of the stockholders of the Company was duly called and held upon notice in accordance with Section 222 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware at which meeting the necessary number of shares as required by statute were voted in favor of the foregoing amendment.
4. The foregoing amendment was duly adopted in accordance with the provisions of Section 242 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.
[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]
[SIGNATURE PAGE TO CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT]
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, InpsireMD, Inc., has caused this Certificate to be executed by its duly authorized officer on this __ day of __, 2019.
