
UNITED STATES  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  Washington, D.C. 20549  
 SCHEDULE 14A
Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of  the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No.           ) 
OPPENHEIMER HOLDINGS INC.   85 Broad Street  New York, NY 10004 
NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS  TO BE HELD ON MAY 13, 2019  
To our Stockholders: 
        NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the Annual Meeting of Stockholders of OPPENHEIMER HOLDINGS INC., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), will be held at 85 Broad Street, New York, NY 10004 in the 22nd Floor Conference Center on Monday, May 13, 2019, at the hour of 4:30 P.M. (New York time) for the following purposes: 
        Only holders of Class B voting common stock of record at the close of business on March 15, 2019 are entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders and any adjournments thereof. Holders of Class B voting common stock who are unable to attend the meeting in person are requested to date, sign and return the enclosed form of proxy for use by holders of Class B voting common stock. 
        Holders of Class A non-voting common stock of the Company are entitled to attend and speak at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders and any adjournments thereof. Holders of Class A non-voting common stock are not entitled to vote with respect to the matters referred to above.
        A copy of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 is available on the Company's website at www.oppenheimer.com. Paper copies are available, free of charge, upon request, by (i) writing to Oppenheimer Holdings Inc., 85 Broad Street, 22nd Floor, New York, New York 10004, Attention: Secretary, (ii) calling 1-800-221-5588, (iii) emailing us with your request at info@opco.com, or (iv) through our website at www.oppenheimer.com/investor-relations/index.aspx. 
By Order of the Board of Directors, 
Dennis P. McNamara  Secretary 
New York, New York  March 22, 2019 
    Important Notice Regarding the Internet Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual Meeting of   Stockholders to be held on May 13th, 2019:         
The Notice of Meeting, Proxy Statement and Annual Report to Stockholders are available at  https://www.oppenheimer.com/investor-relations/index.aspx.
OPPENHEIMER HOLDINGS INC.  
     PROXY STATEMENT         
     SUMMARY         
        This summary highlights selected information appearing elsewhere in this proxy statement and does not contain all the information that you should consider in making a decision with respect to the proposals described in this proxy statement. You should read this summary in its entirety, together with the more detailed information in this proxy statement, as well as our Annual Report on Form l0-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, which is available without charge, except for exhibits to the report, by (i) writing to Oppenheimer Holdings Inc., 85 Broad Street, 22nd Floor, New York, New York 10004, Attention: Secretary, (ii) calling 1-800-221-5588, (iii) emailing us with your request at info@opco.com, or (iv) through our website at www.oppenheimer.com/investor-relations/index.aspx. 
        Unless otherwise provided in this proxy statement, references to the "Company," "Oppenheimer Holdings," "we," "us," and "our" refer to Oppenheimer Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation.
    Oppenheimer Holdings Inc.         
        The Company is a holding company which, through its subsidiaries, is a leading middle-market investment bank and full service financial services firm. Through our operating subsidiaries, we provide a broad range of financial services, including retail securities brokerage, institutional sales and trading, investment banking (both corporate and public finance), research, market-making, and investment advisory and asset management services. We own, directly or through subsidiaries, Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., a New York-based securities broker-dealer, Oppenheimer Asset Management Inc., a New York-based investment advisor, Freedom Investments Inc., a discount securities broker-dealer based in New Jersey, Oppenheimer Trust Company, a Delaware limited purpose bank, and OPY Credit Corp., a dealer in syndicated loans. The Company also has subsidiaries or branches of subsidiaries operating in the United Kingdom, Isle of Jersey, Switzerland, Germany, Israel, and Hong Kong, China. The telephone number and address of our registered office is (212) 668-8000 and 85 Broad Street, New York, NY10004. 
        This proxy statement is dated March 22, 2019 and is first being mailed to our Class B voting stockholders and made available to all our stockholders on or about March 25, 2019. 
        Set forth below in a question and answer format is general information regarding the Annual Meeting of Stockholders, or the Meeting, to which this proxy statement relates. 
    Questions and Answers about the Matters to be Acted Upon          2
Stockholder of Record — If your shares are registered directly in your name with our transfer agent, you are considered, with respect to those shares, the stockholder of record, and these proxy materials are being made directly available to you by us. Class B Stockholders may vote the shares registered directly in your name by completing and mailing the proxy card or by written ballot at the Meeting. 
Beneficial Owner — If your shares are held in a stock brokerage account or by a bank, you are considered the beneficial owner of shares held in street name, and these proxy materials are being forwarded to you by your bank or broker, which is considered the stockholder of record of those shares. As the beneficial owner (if you are a Class B Stockholder), you have the right to direct your bank or broker how to vote and are also invited to attend the Meeting. However, since you are not the stockholder of record, you may not vote those shares in person at the Meeting unless you bring with you a legal proxy from the stockholder of record. If you are a Class B Stockholder, your bank or broker has enclosed a voting instruction card providing directions for how to vote your shares.  
If you are a Class B Stockholder and you return your proxy card, but you do not indicate your voting preferences, the proxies will vote your shares  FOR Matters 1 and 2, and will use their discretion on any other matters that are submitted for stockholder vote at the Meeting. 
Class B Stockholders who are not stockholders of record and who wish to file proxies should follow the instructions of their intermediary with respect to the procedure to be followed. Generally, Class B Stockholders who are not stockholders of record will either: (i) be provided with a proxy executed by the intermediary, as the stockholder of record, but otherwise uncompleted and the beneficial owner may complete the proxy and return it directly to our transfer agent; or (ii) be provided with a request for voting instructions by the intermediary, as the stockholder of record, and then the intermediary must send to our transfer agent an executed proxy form completed in accordance with any voting instructions received by it from the beneficial owner and may not vote in the event that no instructions are received.   as to any matter on which a vote has not been cast under the proxy by delivering written notice of revocation to our Secretary.  
Matter No. 2, appointment of auditors. The ratification of the appointment of the auditors for 2019 and the authorization of the Audit Committee to fix the auditors' remuneration requires the affirmative vote, in person or by proxy, of a simple majority of the Class B Stock voted at the Meeting if a quorum, or a majority of the Class B Stock, is present. 
Mr. A.G. Lowenthal, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, owns 97.5% of the Class B Stock and intends to vote all of such Class B Stock in favor of each of Matters 1 and 2. As a result, each of the matters before the Meeting is expected to be approved. See "Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management." D.P. McNamara, Secretary  Oppenheimer Holdings Inc.  85 Broad Street, 22nd Floor  New York, New York 10004  (212) 668-8000  info@opco.com 
You may also obtain additional information about us from documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by following the instructions in the section entitled "Where You Can Find More Information."      THE MEETING         
    Solicitation of Proxies         
        This proxy statement is made available or forwarded to our Class A Stockholders and Class B Stockholders in connection with the solicitation of proxies by our management from the Class B Stockholders for use at our Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the "Meeting") to be held on Monday, May 13, 2019 at the hour of 4:30 P.M. (New York time) at 85 Broad Street, New York, New York 10004 in the 22nd Floor Conference Center and at any adjournments thereof for the purposes set forth in the Notice of Meeting, which accompanies this proxy statement. This proxy statement is dated March 22, 2019 and is first being mailed to our Class B Stockholders on or about March 25, 2019. 
        The record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive notice of the Meeting is March 15, 2019. In accordance with the provisions of the DGCL, we will prepare a list of the Class B Stockholders as of the record date. Class B Stockholders named in the list will be entitled to vote the Class B Stock owned by them on all matters to be voted on at the Meeting. 
        It is planned that the solicitation of Class B Stockholders will be initially by mail, but proxies may also be solicited by our employees. The cost of such solicitation, estimated to be approximately $2,000, will be borne by us. 
        No person is authorized to give any information or to make any representations other than those contained in this proxy statement and, if given or made, such information or representations should not be relied upon as having been authorized by us. The delivery of this proxy statement shall not, under any circumstances, create an implication that there has not been any change in the information set forth herein since the date of this proxy statement. Except as otherwise stated, the information contained in this proxy statement is given as of March 8, 2019. 
        We have distributed copies of the Notice of Meeting, this proxy statement, and form of proxy for use by the Class B Stockholders to intermediaries such as clearing agencies, securities dealers, banks and trust companies or their nominees for distribution to our non-registered stockholders whose shares are held by or in the custody of such intermediaries. Intermediaries are required to forward these documents to non-registered Class B Stockholders. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 is available without charge, except for exhibits to the report, by (i) writing to Oppenheimer Holdings Inc., 85 Broad Street, 22nd Floor, New York, New York 10004, Attention: Secretary, (ii) calling 1-800-221-5588, (iii) emailing us with your request at info@opco.com, or (iv) through our website at  www.oppenheimer.com/investor-relations/index.aspx. The solicitation of proxies from non-registered Class B Stockholders will be carried out by the intermediaries or by us if the names and addresses of Class B Stockholders are provided by the intermediaries. Non-registered Class B Stockholders who wish to file proxies should follow the instructions of their intermediary with respect to the procedure to be followed. Generally, non-registered Class B Stockholders will either: (i) be provided with a proxy executed by the intermediary, as the registered stockholder, but otherwise uncompleted, and the non-registered holder may complete the proxy and return it directly to our transfer agent; or (ii) be provided with a request for voting instructions by the intermediary, as the registered stockholder, and then the intermediary must send to our transfer agent an executed proxy form completed in accordance with any voting instructions received by it from the non-registered holder and may not vote in the event that no instructions are received. 
    Class A Stock and Class B Stock         
        We have authorized and issued Class A Stock and Class B Stock which are equal in all respects except that the holders of Class A Stock, as such, are not entitled to vote at meetings of our stockholders except as entitled to vote by law or pursuant to our Certificate of Incorporation. Class A Stockholders are not entitled to  vote the Class A Stock owned or controlled by them on the matters identified in the Notice of Meeting to be voted on. 
        Generally, Class A Stockholders are afforded the opportunity to receive notices of all meetings of stockholders and to attend and speak at such meetings. Class A Stockholders are also afforded the opportunity to obtain all informational documentation sent to the Class B Stockholders. 
        Class B Stockholders are entitled to one vote for each share of Class B Stock held as of the record date for the Meeting. 
    Appointment and Revocation of Proxies         
        Each of Albert G. Lowenthal and Dennis P. McNamara (the "Management Nominees") has been appointed by the Board of Directors to serve as the proxy for the Class B Stockholders at the Meeting. 
        Class B Stockholders have the right to appoint persons, other than the Management Nominees, who need not be stockholders, to represent them at the Meeting. To exercise this right, the Class B Stockholder may insert the name of the desired person in the blank space provided in the form of proxy accompanying this proxy statement or may submit another form of proxy. 
        Proxies must be deposited with our transfer agent, Computershare Inc., at its address at Computershare Investor Services, PO Box 505000, Louisville, Kentucky 40233, no later than the last business day preceding the day of the Meeting, or with our Secretary on the day of the Meeting, in order for the proxies to be used at the Meeting. 
        Class B Stock represented by properly executed proxies will be voted by the Management Nominees on any ballot that may be called for, unless the Class B Stockholder has directed otherwise, (i) for the election of each of the nominated directors (Matter 1 in the Notice of Meeting), and (ii) for the ratification of the appointment of the auditors for 2019 and authorization of the Audit Committee to fix the remuneration of the auditors (Matter 2 in the Notice of Meeting). 
        Each form of proxy confers discretionary authority with respect to amendments or variations to matters identified in the Notice of Meeting to which the proxy relates and other matters which may properly come before the Meeting. Management knows of no matters to come before the Meeting other than the matters referred to in the Notice of Meeting. However, if matters which are not known to management should properly come before the Meeting, the proxies will be voted on such matters in accordance with the best judgment of the person or persons voting the proxies. 
        A Class B Stockholder who has given a proxy has the power to revoke it prior to the commencement of the Meeting by depositing an instrument in writing executed by the Class B Stockholder or by the stockholder's attorney-in-fact either with our transfer agent at any time up to and including the last business day preceding the day of the Meeting, or any adjournments thereof, or with our Secretary on the day of the Meeting or any adjournments thereof or in any other manner permitted by law. A Class B Stockholder who has given a proxy may also revoke it by signing a form of proxy bearing a later date and returning such proxy to our Secretary prior to the commencement of the Meeting. In addition, a Class B Stockholder who has given a proxy has the power to revoke it after the commencement of the Meeting as to any matter on which a vote has not been cast under the proxy by delivering written notice of revocation to our Secretary. 
        Abstentions and broker non-votes will have no effect with respect to the matters to be acted upon at the Meeting, assuming that a quorum is obtained.      MATTER NO. 1        ELECTION OF DIRECTORS         
   Director Nomination Process  
        Our Bylaws provide that our Board of Directors consists of no less than three and no more than eleven directors to be elected annually. The term of office for each director is from the date of the meeting of stockholders at which the director is elected until the close of the next annual meeting of stockholders or until his or her successor is duly elected or appointed, unless his or her office is earlier vacated, in accordance with our Bylaws. 
        The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board has recommended, and the directors have determined, that nine directors are to be elected at the Meeting. Management does not contemplate that any of the nominees named below will be unable to serve as a director, but, if such an event should occur for any reason prior to the Meeting, the Management Nominees reserve the right to vote for another nominee or nominees in their discretion. 
        The following sets out information with respect to the proposed nominees for election as directors as recommended by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, in accordance with the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter (available at www.oppenheimer.com). The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee has reported that it is satisfied that each of the nominees is fully able and fully committed to serve the best interests of our stockholders. The election of the persons nominated for election as directors requires the affirmative vote of a simple majority of the Class B Stock voted at the Meeting. 
        OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT YOU VOTE FOR EACH OF THE PERSONS NOMINATED FOR ELECTION AS A DIRECTOR.
   Director Nominees and Executive Officers  
        The following table, and the notes thereto, provide information regarding our director nominees and executive officers.(1)      Nominees for Election as a Director          10 12
Notes:
        None of the nominees has been involved in any events within the past 10 years that could be considered material to an evaluation of the director.     Executive Officers  
        Our executive officers consist of Mr. A.G. Lowenthal, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, whose background is described above, and Mr. Alfano, our Chief Financial Officer and principal financial and accounting officer, whose background is described below. 
   Board Leadership Structure  
        The Board believes that the Company's Chief Executive Officer is best situated to serve as Chairman of the Board because he is the director most familiar with the Company's business strategy, history and capabilities, and most capable of effectively identifying strategic priorities and leading the discussion and execution of strategy. Independent directors and management add different perspectives and roles in strategy development. The Company's independent directors bring experience, oversight and expertise from outside the Company and, in some cases, outside the industry, while the Chief Executive Officer brings Company-specific and industry-specific experience and expertise. The Board believes that the combined role of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer facilitates strategy development and execution, and enhances the flow of information between management and the Board, which are essential to effective governance. 
        One of the key responsibilities of the Board of Directors is to develop strategic direction and hold management accountable for the execution of strategy once it is developed. The Board believes the combined role of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, together with an independent Lead Director having the duties described below, is in the best interest of stockholders because it provides the appropriate balance between strategy development and independent oversight of management for our Company. The Board's administration of its oversight function is described in greater detail below under "Risk Management." 
   Lead Director  
        Mr. P. Friedman, an independent director who serves on the Compensation, Compliance and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees, was selected by the Board to serve as the Lead Director for all meetings of the non-management directors held in executive session. The role of the Lead Director is to assure the independence of the Board from management. The Lead Director has the responsibility of presiding at all executive sessions of the Board, consulting with the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer on Board and committee meeting agendas, acting as a liaison between management and the non-management directors, including maintaining frequent contact with the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and advising him on the efficiency of Board meetings, and facilitating teamwork and communication between the non-management directors and management, as well as additional responsibilities that may be assigned to the Lead Director by the Board.     Executive Sessions  
        Pursuant to the Company's Corporate Governance Guidelines, non-management directors of the Board meet on a regularly scheduled basis and otherwise as the independent directors determine without the presence of management. The Lead Director chairs these sessions. An executive session took place, in camera, at every scheduled Board meeting held in 2018. To ensure strong communication with the Chief Executive Officer, the independent directors may meet with the CEO alone as the independent directors determine. 
   Board of Directors and Committee Meetings Held  
        During 2018, the following numbers of Board and committee meetings were held: 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Board of Directors     8   
 Audit Committee     5   
 Compensation Committee     7   
 Compliance Committee     6   
 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee     5   
[END TABLE]
   Meeting Attendance  
        Pursuant to the Company's policies on meeting attendance, all directors should strive to attend all meetings of the Board and the committees of which they are members. Last year there were eight meetings of the Board. We are pleased that all of our directors attended 100% of the total meetings of the Board and committees of the Board in 2018 during which they served as a director. 
        In addition to participation at Board and committee meetings, our directors discharge their responsibilities throughout the year through personal meetings and other communications, including considerable telephone contact with the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and other members of senior management and each other regarding matters of interest and concern to the Company. It is our policy that our directors attend our stockholders meetings and, at the last Annual Meeting of Stockholders held on May 14, 2018, all of the directors nominated attended. 
   Risk Management  
        The Board, as a whole and also at the committee level, has an active role in overseeing the management of the Company's strategic, operational, financial and compliance risks, including risks related to cybersecurity. The Board regularly reviews information regarding the Company's credit, liquidity, cybersecurity systems, and operations, as well as the risks associated with each. The Company's Compensation Committee is responsible for overseeing the Company's executive compensation arrangements and assuring that financial incentives for management and employees are appropriate and mitigate against, rather than encourage, employees taking excessive risk exposure with firm capital. Please see "Compensation Policies and Risk" for further information. The Audit Committee oversees management of operational and financial risks. The Company also has a number of internal risk-oversight committees and functions. The Company's Compliance Committee is responsible for overseeing the Company's compliance function and the management of compliance and regulatory risk. The Company's internal Risk Management Committee (composed of management employees) is charged with assessing, reviewing and monitoring the risk environment in which the Company operates, including risks related to cybersecurity, and reports its findings and considerations to the Audit Committee at each regularly scheduled quarterly meeting and more frequently, as needed. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee manages risks associated with the governance of the Company, including the composition, responsibilities and independence of the Board of Directors and ethical and regulatory issues including conflicts of interest. While each committee is responsible for evaluating certain risks and overseeing the management of such risks, the entire Board of  Directors is regularly informed through committee reports about such risks, including receiving updates and reports from the Company's Chief Information Officer and his staff regarding risks related to cybersecurity. 
   Corporate Governance  
        Our Class A Stock is listed on the NYSE. We are subject to the corporate governance listing standards of the NYSE, the applicable rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the applicable rules of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act ("Dodd-Frank"). 
        Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, Compensation Committee, Audit Committee, Compliance Committee and our Board of Directors continue to monitor regulatory changes and best practices in corporate governance and consider amendments to our practices and policies as appropriate. 
        Our Corporate Governance Guidelines, and all committee charters, as well as our Code of Conduct and Business Ethics for Directors, Officers and Employees and our Whistleblower Policy, are posted on our website at www.oppenheimer.com. 
   Board of Directors  
        The fundamental responsibility of the Board of Directors is to oversee the management of our business with a view to maximizing stockholder value and ensuring corporate conduct in a legal and ethical manner through a system of corporate governance and internal controls appropriate to our business. The Board of Directors has adopted a statement of Corporate Governance Guidelines to which it adheres. We have a Code of Conduct and Business Ethics for Directors, Officers and Employees which is posted on our website at www.oppenheimer.com. No waivers were granted in 2018 or to date in 2019 under the Code of Conduct and Business Ethics for any directors, officers or employees. 
        In fulfilling its mandate, the Board's responsibilities include:    Director Independence  
        Seven of our current nine directors are independent as required by the NYSE Corporate Governance Rules and seven of our nine nominees are independent. To be considered independent under these rules, the Board of Directors must determine that a director has no direct or indirect material relationship with us. The Board of Directors determined that Messrs. Behrens, Dwyer, Ehrhardt, Friedman, Oughtred, Roth and Ms. Glasser are independent directors, and that Mr. A.G. Lowenthal, our Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer, and Mr. R.S. Lowenthal, Senior Managing Director and Head of Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.'s Investment Banking business and son of Mr. A.G. Lowenthal, are not independent. 
        The Board of Directors has not adopted formal categorical standards to assist in determining independence. The Board has considered the types of relationships that could be relevant to the independence of a director of the Company. These relationships are described in Schedule A to the Company's Corporate Governance Guidelines, which are posted on our website at www.oppenheimer.com. The Board of Directors has considered the relationship of each director and has made a determination that seven of our current nine directors are independent at this time and that seven of our nine nominees are independent. 
        At each regular Board and Audit Committee meeting, the independent directors are afforded an opportunity to meet and have met in the absence of management. During 2018, five of the eight board meetings were regular meetings and at each of these meetings the independent directors met in the absence of management. Additionally, at regular meetings of the Audit Committee (five regular meetings annually), the members of the Audit Committee, all of whom are independent, are afforded the opportunity to meet with the independent auditors and the managers of the Company's Internal Audit Group in the absence of management. Members of the Compliance Committee are afforded the opportunity to meet with the managers of the Company's compliance functions in the absence of management. 
        The independent directors and the directors that are not independent understand the need for directors to be independent-minded and to assess and question management initiatives and recommendations from an independent perspective. The Board of Directors' Lead Director, Mr. Friedman, is an independent director who, among other things, chairs sessions of the independent directors. 
   Orientation and Continuing Education  
        The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board of Directors, as required by its charter, is responsible for the orientation of new directors to our business and overseeing the continuing education needs of all directors. 
        The Board of Directors encourages the directors to maintain the skill and knowledge necessary to meet their obligations as directors. This includes support for director attendance at continuing education sessions and making available newsletters and other written materials. Our directors understand the need to maintain their knowledge and skills and avail themselves of director education literature and programs. 
   Board and Committee Assessments  
        The Board conducts a self-evaluation annually to determine whether it and its Committees are functioning effectively.     Board Committees  
        The Board has established an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee, a Compliance Committee and a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. The Audit, Compensation, Compliance and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees are composed entirely of independent directors, as defined under the NYSE Listed Company Manual and the Company's Corporate Governance Guidelines. The charters of each committee are available on the Company's website at www.oppenheimer.com. 
   Audit Committee  
        The Board of Directors has an Audit Committee composed of four independent directors, the duties of which are set forth below. 
        The Board of Directors has adopted a written charter for the Audit Committee, a copy of which is posted on our website at www.oppenheimer.com. The Audit Committee:         All of the members of the Audit Committee are financially literate. The Board of Directors has determined that the Audit Committee includes three financial experts and that Mr. Behrens, Mr. Dwyer and Mr. Ehrhardt, the financial experts, are independent as defined in Rule 10 A-3(b) of the Exchange Act and Section 303A.02 of the NYSE's Listed Company Manual. Mr. Behrens during the course of his career has spent significant time in the review of and oversight of the preparation of financial statements. Mr. Dwyer is a Certified Public Accountant. Mr. Ehrhardt is a Certified Public Accountant and a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Currently, none of the members of the Audit Committee simultaneously serves on the audit committee of any other public company. 
   Compensation Committee  
        The Board of Directors has adopted a Compensation Committee Charter, a copy of which is posted on our website at www.oppenheimer.com. Pursuant to its charter, the Compensation Committee's objective is to provide a competitive compensation program with strong and direct links between corporate objectives and financial performance, individual performance and compensation, mindful of the Company's corporate risk management objectives. The Compensation Committee has four members, all of whom are independent. 
        The Compensation Committee:    Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee  
        The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter, a copy of which is posted on our website at www.oppenheimer.com, provides that the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is responsible for ensuring that our Board of Directors is composed of directors who are fully able and fully committed to serve the best interests of our stockholders. Factors considered by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee in assessing director performance and, when needed, recruiting new directors include skills, character, judgment, experience, ethics, integrity and compatibility with the existing Board of Directors. 
        The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee has four members, all of whom are independent. The duties of this Committee are set out as follows:
        The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will give appropriate consideration to board nominees recommended by Class B Stockholders. Nominees recommended by Class B Stockholders will be evaluated in the same manner as other nominees. Class B Stockholders who wish to submit nominees for director for consideration by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee for election at our Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held in 2020 may do so by submitting in writing such nominee's name, in compliance with the procedures and along with the other information required by our Bylaws and Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act (including such nominee's written consent to being named in the proxy statement as a nominee and to serving as a director if elected), to our Secretary, at 85 Broad Street, 22nd Floor, New York, New York 10004 within the time frames set forth under the heading "Stockholder Proposals." 
        The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is responsible for the recruitment and nomination of persons for Board positions, and for making recommendations to the Board for the appointment of directors to fill vacancies on the Board. In recruiting, nominating and appointing directors, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee considers:         The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is also responsible for initially assessing, against the Company's standards for directors' independence, whether a candidate would be independent and whether continuing directors continue to be independent and advising the Board of that assessment. 
   Compliance Committee  
        The Board of Directors formed a Compliance Committee in July 2015, the Charter for which is posted on our website at www.oppenheimer.com. Pursuant to its charter, the Compliance Committee has been charged with assisting the Board of Directors with oversight of the Company's compliance function, including the Company's compliance management system and the Company's compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations governing its financial services businesses. The Compliance Committee is composed of six independent directors, meets quarterly, or more frequently if necessary, and its responsibilities and authority include the following: 22
   Director Compensation  
        The following table describes director compensation for the year ended December 31, 2018 paid to the directors other than Mr. A.G. Lowenthal and Mr. R.S. Lowenthal, who receive no compensation in connection with their service on our Board of Directors. 
    2018 DIRECTOR COMPENSATION TABLE         
[BEGIN TABLE]
 E. Behrens      $ 117,000      $ 64,113      $ —      $ 181,113   
 T.M. Dwyer      $ 129,375      $ 64,113      $ —      $ 193,488   
 W. Ehrhardt      $ 145,000      $ 64,113      $ —      $ 209,113   
 P.M. Friedman      $ 163,625      $ 64,113      $ —      $ 227,738   
 T.A. Glasser      $ 63,250      $ —      $ —      $ 63,250   
 A.W. Oughtred      $ 139,000      $ 64,113      $ —      $ 203,113   
 R.L. Roth (4)      $ 211,000      $ —      $ —      $ 211,000   
[END TABLE]
Notes to 2018 Director Compensation Table
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Annual Retainer Fee   $50,000 
 Board Meeting Fees   $5,000 per meeting attended in person and $2,000 per meeting attended by telephone 
 Committee Meeting Fees, except Compliance   $1,000 per meeting attended 
 Lead Director and Chairman of the Audit Committee   $25,000 
 Committee Chairmen, except Audit and Compliance   $15,000 
 Chairman of the Compliance Committee   $4,000 per month 
 Compliance Committee Meeting Fees, except Chairman   $2,000 per month 
[END TABLE]
         In 2018, the directors were paid directors' fees of $968,250 in the aggregate. Directors are reimbursed for travel and related expenses incurred in attending board and committee meetings. The directors who are not our employees are also entitled to the automatic grant of stock awards under the Company's 2014 Incentive Plan, which was adopted effective as of February 26, 2014 and ratified by our stockholders on May 12, 2014. Reference is made to the table under "Director Stock-based Compensation" below. Directors who are our employees are not entitled to receive compensation for their service as directors. 
        The Company has not made contributions to any tax exempt organizations in which an independent director serves as an executive officer. 
        We operate in a challenging marketplace in which our success depends upon, among other things, our ability to attract and retain non-employee directors of the highest caliber. The Board believes that we must offer a competitive non-employee director compensation program if we are to successfully attract and retain the best possible candidates for these important positions of responsibility. 
   Director Stock-based Compensation  
        The following table describes non-employee director stock-based awards held at December 31, 2018 and the numbers of unvested awards, as applicable. 
    Outstanding Equity Awards Table   As of December 31, 2018         
[BEGIN TABLE]
         E. Behrens     —     —     —     —     —     1,750(2)    $ 44,713(2)   —     —   
         —     —     —     —     —     1,875(3)    $ 47,906(3)   —     —   
 T.M. Dwyer     —     —     —     —     —     1,750(2)    $ 44,713(2)   —     —   
      —     —     —     —     —     1,875(3)    $ 47,906(3)   —     —   
         W. Ehrhardt     —     —     —     —     —     1,000(1)    $ 25,550(1)   —     —   
         —     —     —     —     —     1,750(2)    $ 44,713(2)   —     —   
         —     —     —     —     —     1,875(3)    $ 47,906(3)   —     —   
 P. Friedman     —     —     —     —     —     1,000(1)    $ 25,550(1)   —     —   
      —     —     —     —     —     1,750(2)    $ 44,713(2)   —     —   
      —     —     —     —     —     1,875(3)    $ 47,906(3)   —     —   
         T.A. Glasser     —     —     —     —     —     —      $ —     —     —   
 W. Oughtred     —     —     —     —     —     1,000(1)    $ 25,550(1)   —     —   
      —     —     —     —     —     1,750(2)    $ 44,713(2)   —     —   
      —     —     —     —     —     1,875(3)    $ 47,906(3)   —     —   
         R.L. Roth     —     —     —     —     —     —      $ —     —     —   
[END TABLE]
Notes to Outstanding Equity Awards Table:
        On February 28, 2019, the non-employee directors were each granted restricted stock awards of 2,500 shares of Class A Stock. These awards each vest in the amount of 25% on August 27, 2019, February 27, 2020, February 27, 2021 and February 27, 2022.      Option Exercises and Stock Vested   For the Year Ended December 31, 2018         
[BEGIN TABLE]
 E. Behrens     —     —     1,500      $ 48,506   
 T.M. Dwyer     —     —     1,500      $ 48,506   
 P. Friedman     —     —     2,500      $ 77,906   
 W. Ehrhardt     —     —     3,000      $ 91,906   
 T.A. Glasser     —     —     —      $ —   
 W. Oughtred     —     —     3,000      $ 91,906   
 R.L. Roth     —     —     —      $ —   
[END TABLE]
   Directors' and Officers' Insurance  
        We carry liability insurance for our directors and officers and the directors and officers of our subsidiaries. Between November 30, 2017 and November 30, 2018, our aggregate insurance coverage was $35 million with a $2.5 million deductible and an aggregate annual premium of $627,968 and includes Side A coverage in the amount of $2.5 million. The coverage was renewed for a further year effective November 30, 2018 at an aggregate annual premium of $564,013. 
        Under our Bylaws, we are obligated to indemnify our and our subsidiaries' directors and officers to the maximum extent permitted by the DGCL. We have entered into an indemnity agreement with each of our directors and certain officers providing for such indemnities. 
   Stock Ownership of Board Members  
        For information on the beneficial ownership of securities of the Company by directors and executive officers, see "Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management" below. 
   Compensation Committee Interlock and Insider Participation  
        Messrs. Dwyer, Ehrhardt, Friedman and Oughtred served as members of the Compensation Committee for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018. None of the members of the Compensation Committee is or has ever been one of our officers or employees or been a party to a transaction with our Company. No interlocking relationship exists between our Board of Directors or Compensation Committee and the board of directors or compensation committee of any other entity.      REPORT OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE         
        As required by our Audit Committee Charter, the Audit Committee reports as follows: 
        The Audit Committee oversees our financial reporting process on behalf of the Board of Directors. It meets with management and our internal audit group and independent auditors regularly and reports the results of its activities to the Board of Directors. In this connection, the Audit Committee has done the following with respect to fiscal 2018:
        Based on the foregoing, the Audit Committee recommended to the Board of Directors our audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2018 prepared in accordance with GAAP be included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018. 
   The Audit Committee  
William Ehrhardt — Chairman  Evan Behrens  Timothy M. Dwyer  Teresa A. Glasser      REPORT OF THE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE         
        As required by our Compensation Committee Charter, the Compensation Committee reports as follows: 
        Under its Charter, the Compensation Committee is required to discharge the Board of Directors' responsibilities relating to compensation of our senior executive officers and to report on its practices to our stockholders in our annual proxy statement. The Compensation Committee, comprised of independent directors, reviewed and discussed the Compensation Discussion and Analysis that appears below with our management. In reaching its conclusions, the members of the Compensation Committee were aware of the ongoing focus of the media, the government and the general population on the compensation of executives and employees of financial service companies, as well as recent trends in compliance and other regulatory enactment and enforcement activities which affect the Company. 
        The Compensation Committee regularly monitors important developments and proposed regulations in compensation practices and seeks to see that its methodology aligns pay practices with corporate objectives and performance and does not encourage excessive risk-taking. The Compensation Committee believes that the 2018 compensation payments made to executives and employees were substantially so aligned. Based on its review and discussions, the Compensation Committee approved and recommended to our Board of Directors that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in this proxy statement. 
   The Compensation Committee  
Timothy M. Dwyer — Chairman  William Ehrhardt  Paul M. Friedman  A. Winn Oughtred 
        The Report of the Compensation Committee set forth in this proxy statement shall not be deemed to be "soliciting material" or to be "filed" with the SEC or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended ("Exchange Act"), or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act. In addition, it shall not be deemed incorporated by reference by any statement that incorporates this proxy statement by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates this information by reference.      REPORT OF THE NOMINATING AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE         
        As required by our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee reports as follows:
   The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee  
A. Winn Oughtred — Chairman  Evan Behrens  Paul M. Friedman  R. Lawrence Roth      REPORT OF THE COMPLIANCE COMMITTEE         
        As required by our Compliance Committee Charter, the Compliance Committee reports as follows:
   The Compliance Committee  
Paul M. Friedman — Chairman  Evan Behrens  Timothy M. Dwyer  William Ehrhardt  Teresa A. Glasser  A. Winn Oughtred      MATTER NO. 2              APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM         
        The Audit Committee has reappointed Deloitte & Touche LLP as our independent auditors for the 2019 fiscal year, subject to ratification by the Class B Stockholders at the Meeting. The Audit Committee intends to fix the remuneration of the auditors. 
        Representatives of Deloitte & Touche LLP are expected to be present at the Meeting and will be given the opportunity to make a statement, if they desire, and to respond to appropriate questions. 
        To be effective, this matter must be authorized by the affirmative vote of a simple majority of the votes cast by the Class B Stockholders at the Meeting. Abstentions will not be counted as votes for or against the proposal. Mr. A.G. Lowenthal owns 97.5% of the Class B Stock and has informed the Company that he intends to vote all of such Class B Stock in favor of the proposal. See "Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management." 
        OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT YOU VOTE FOR THE RATIFICATION OF THE APPOINTMENT OF DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP FOR FISCAL 2019 AND FOR THE AUTHORIZATION OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE TO FIX THE AUDITORS' REMUNERATION.
    Principal Accounting Fees and Services         
        Deloitte & Touche LLP has served as our independent registered accounting firm since 2013. Prior thereto, PriceWaterhouseCoopers LLP served as our independent registered public accounting firm since 1993. Deloitte & Touche LLP has advised us that neither the firm nor any of its members or associates has any direct financial interest or any material indirect financial interest in us or any of our affiliates other than as our auditor. 
        Audit Fees, Audit-Related Fees and Tax Fees.    The fees billed to us and our subsidiaries by Deloitte & Touche LLP for the years 2018 and 2017 in connection with services provided in such years were as follows: 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Audit fees      $ 1,782,483      $ 1,865,685   
 Audit-related fees     429,856     409,172   
 Tax fees     72,567     67,097   
 All other fees     —     —    
       $ 2,284,906      $ 2,341,954    
[END TABLE]
        The 2018 audit fees include the fees for the audit of our annual consolidated financial statements for the year 2018 and the review of the quarterly financial statements included in the Forms 10-Q filed by us and the interim reports to stockholders sent to stockholders during the year. Audit fees also include the separate entity audits of Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Freedom Investments, Inc., Oppenheimer Europe Ltd., Oppenheimer Investments Asia Limited, and Oppenheimer Israel (OPCO) Ltd. During 2018, Deloitte & Touche LLP provided tax compliance services for us in the U.S., the U.K, Israel and Asia. In addition, during 2018 Deloitte & Touche LLP performed the audit services required for the production of SSAE 18 Reports for Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Additionally, Deloitte & Touche LLP performed the mandated examinations as required by the SEC Investment Advisory Custody Rule. 
        The Audit Committee has the sole authority and responsibility to appoint independent auditors for ratification by stockholders, and to recommend to stockholders that independent auditors be removed. The  Audit Committee has appointed Deloitte & Touche LLP as our auditors for 2019 for ratification by the Class B Stockholders at the Meeting. 
        The Audit Committee approves all audit engagement fees and terms in addition to all non-audit engagements and engagement fees submitted by independent auditors. The process begins prior to the commencement of the services. The fees described above were all pre-approved.      EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION AND RELATED INFORMATION         
   2018 Company Performance  
        Revenue for the year ended December 31, 2018 was $958.2 million, an increase of 4.1% compared to the year 2017. The Company reported net income for the year ended December 31, 2018 of $28.9 million or $2.05 basic net income per share compared to a net income of $22.8 million or $1.67 basic net income per share in 2017. 
        During the past year, the Company's financial performance improved, along with progress on a number of strategic initiatives. Our performance was helped by improved results from our fee-based business, significant improvement in investment banking results, as well as the contribution from the impact of higher interest rates on our FDIC program. Lower corporate tax rates also contributed to higher net income. This was all despite volatile markets that ended the year with a moderate decline in equities. In addition:
        Wealth Management demonstrated solid returns in 2018 with assets under management per advisor increasing, success in recruiting advisors with more significant practices and growth potential and another year of expansion in the penetration of managed programs meeting investor demand to invest in our fee-based platforms. We also completed plans for changes in leadership across our wealth management platform. 
        In Global Fixed Income and Institutional Equities, we increased our market share, although it was difficult to overcome the effects of increased regulation in the form of MiFID II, as well as the depressing effect that geopolitical and trade issues had on the overall levels of activity in both equity and debt markets. 
        Our Investment Banking Division experienced strong results participating in 121 equity market transactions. The Company's focus on the Technology and Healthcare verticals showed significant results with revenues in investment banking up 60% year-over-year. Recent growth initiatives also are reflected in the large pipeline that will carry over into 2019. 
        The Company's consistent strategy of emphasizing the value-added content and services core to our business model which included conferences, experiential events, and Oppenheimer-sponsored management events in 2018 provided the impetus for an increase in revenues from our Equities Division and was reflected in market share gains during the period. Equities reported gross revenues up 15% vs 2017, with our core US-based research sales & commission business reporting an increase of over 4%. 
        Key to our future growth is an ongoing dedication to our technology platform and infrastructure. We continued to increase our investment in technology initiatives, spending approximately $61 million during 2018, including on, but not limited to, the following initiatives:         We improved all aspects of corporate marketing, both internally and externally, to enhance our business, to provide better client experience and in order to present a more competitive and compelling face for our Company to the industry and investing community including the re-introduction of Oppenheimer.com, our enhanced and re-invented corporate website. 
        We reviewed a number of strategic investments during the year and are confident that this dedicated review will lead to opportunities for corporate expansion in the coming year. 
   2018 Compensation Highlights  
        The Compensation Committee and the Board of Directors believe that the policies and practices described in the following Compensation Discussion and Analysis provide a compensation framework which enables us to retain and appropriately reward the executive officers that we believe are critical to our long-term success, while linking that compensation to our corporate objectives and performance. 
        For example: bonuses and any profits realized from the sale of securities of the Company during the twelve month period following the first public issuance or filing with the SEC (whichever comes first) of the final document embodying such financial reporting requirements and (ii) the unvested incentive compensation received by any other officers and employees designated by the Compensation Committee during the three fiscal years prior to a restatement of our financial statements. Additionally, in the case of material misconduct or other violative behavior, our policy requires the recovery of a portion of the unvested incentive compensation granted to our executive officers and other designated officers and employees. 
        Some highlights of our 2018 compensation decisions include the following:
        The foregoing 2018 Company Performance and Compensation Highlights do not purport to be complete and are subject to, and qualified in their entirety by reference to, the Compensation Discussion and Analysis set forth below which should be read in its entirety for a full and complete understanding of our compensation policies and practices as well as the compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to our executive officers for 2018, as well as to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018. 
    Compensation Discussion and Analysis         
        The following pages include our Compensation Discussion and Analysis. 
   Introduction  
        The following Compensation Discussion and Analysis describes the material elements of compensation for our named executive officers identified in the "Summary Compensation Table" (the "Named Executives"). The Compensation Committee, which is comprised entirely of independent directors, approves the total compensation (that is the base salary, annual bonus, stock options and stock awards) of the Chief Executive Officer and Mr. R.S. Lowenthal, and makes recommendations to the Board for the total compensation of our other senior executive officers, including the Named Executives. The Compensation Committee's determination of the total compensation of our Chief Executive Officer is subject, in part, to the Performance-Based Compensation Agreement, amended and restated effective May 11, 2015, between the Company and our Chief Executive Officer, for which we received stockholder approval on May 11, 2015. 
        Certain processes and procedures of the Compensation Committee are discussed below including its role in dealing with the Chief Executive Officer's compensation and the compensation of the other Named Executives. The Compensation Committee considers recommendations from the Chief Executive Officer with respect to the compensation of the Named Executives (other than the Chief Executive Officer himself and Mr. R.S. Lowenthal), as it does on compensation matters such as aggregate year-end allocation of incentive compensation and stock awards for all of our other employees.          The day-to-day design and administration of health benefits, the deferred compensation plans, the 401(k) plan and other employee benefit plans and policies applicable to salaried U.S.-based employees in general are handled by our Human Resources, Finance and Legal Departments. 
        For the purposes of determining 2018 compensation for the Chief Executive Officer and Mr. R.S. Lowenthal, the Compensation Committee retained an independent compensation consultant, Pay Governance LLC, to assist the Compensation Committee in designing a new performance and incentive-based compensation plan that would meet the objectives set forth below. 
   Objectives and Policies  
        The Compensation Committee's objective is to provide a compensation program with strong and direct links between corporate objectives and financial performance, individual performance and compensation in order to foster the creation of shareholder value and align the interests of management with shareholders. Our compensation policy with respect to our Named Executives, including the Chief Executive Officer, has the following objectives:
        Our compensation program for senior executive officers, including the Named Executives, consists of the following key elements: a base salary, an annual bonus, grants of share-based compensation (typically stock awards) and, in the case of the Chief Executive Officer, annual performance-based compensation pursuant to his Performance-Based Compensation Agreement. The Compensation Committee also used a performance-based compensation framework for Mr. R.S. Lowenthal. The Compensation Committee also reviews compensation arrangements to ensure that a portion of the Named Executives' compensation is directly related to corporate performance, appropriate risk management and other factors that directly and indirectly influence stockholder value. 
        The Compensation Committee reviewed a "peer group" of public companies in 2018 to guide its decision making process with respect to compensation for such year. This peer group included the following companies: Piper Jaffrey, Stifel Financial, Raymond James Financial, Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services, Cowen Group, and JMP Group. In addition, to further understand the compensation practices of large financial services institutions, the Compensation Committee reviewed compensation practices at Bank of America Corporation, Barclays PLC, Citigroup Inc., Credit Suisse Group AG, Deutsche Bank, Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., JP Morgan Chase & Co., Morgan Stanley, and UBS Group AG. 
        While these companies provided a context for broad parameters and a framework for the Compensation Committee's 2018 decisions for our Chief Executive Officer and Mr. R.S. Lowenthal, the determination of the amounts granted and the form of grant was set with reference to our own business model and substantially governed by the annual goals established under the Performance-Based Compensation Agreement with the Chief Executive Officer and the compensation framework designed for Mr. R.S. Lowenthal, each described further below. The Compensation Committee also used these peer group companies and broad studies of companies similar to our Company in revenue as well as other financial services companies to set a context for our recommendations to the Board on non-employee director compensation practices. See "Director Compensation."          The Compensation Committee chose to engage Pay Governance LLC, an independent outside compensation consultant that the Compensation Committee believes is an unbiased source of information, for purposes of assisting the Compensation Committee in designing a program for 2018 executive compensation that meets the Compensation Committee's goals and objectives. 
        The Compensation Committee believes that incentive-based variable compensation should generally comprise the vast majority of total annual compensation for the Named Executives because it ties their pay to their individual performance and the performance of our Company. 
        The Compensation Committee believes that:
        The Compensation Committee makes recommendations to the Board with respect to total compensation, including an annual bonus and grants share-based awards, if appropriate, for our Named Executives and other senior executives. The Compensation Committee believes that a significant portion of the Named Executives' compensation should be variable compensation that should also be "at-risk" based on the performance and behavior of the Named Executives. When recommending share-based awards, the Compensation Committee considers the performance of the employee and the degree to which the employee has a long-term interest in the Company's success. All share-based awards are priced at fair market value on the grant date, based on vesting periods, and are typically conditioned upon the employee's continued employment with the Company for a significant period of time. 
        The Compensation Committee believes that, as stockholders, the Named Executives, other senior executives and selected employees will be motivated to consistently deliver financial results that build wealth for all stockholders over the long-term, and it currently uses share-based awards and a series of overlapping vesting periods to accomplish that objective. The Compensation Committee is cognizant of the impact of the accounting guidance on our financial results and strives to balance the granting of stock options and other forms of stock-based incentives with the other objectives of executive compensation set forth above. Since the adoption of accounting guidance on Share-Based Payment, on January 1, 2006, requiring us to expense stock options, we have granted only a very limited number of stock options and none to the Named Executives. At March 8, 2019, we had 1,567,142 shares of Class A Stock which are the subject of current share-based compensation arrangements (of which 359,208 were issued in January 2019) and subject to vesting requirements, and 432,851 shares available for issuance to executives and select employees. In January 2011, we established a compensation recovery ("clawback") policy which permits us to recover certain incentive-based compensation in specified circumstances. See discussions under "Stock Option Grants," "Stock Awards" and "Compensation Recovery Policy" below. 
        Compensation arrangements for most of our senior executive officers generally involve a significant component of compensation which is contingent on our Company's performance and the individual performance of each senior executive officer, and is typically paid in the form of an annual cash bonus (which permits individual performance to be evaluated and recognized on an annual basis) and share-based awards (which directly link a portion of their compensation to stock price appreciation realized by our  stockholders). The Compensation Committee believes that this approach best serves the interests of stockholders by enabling us to structure compensation in a way that meets the requirements of the highly competitive environment in which we operate, while ensuring that senior executive officers are compensated in a manner that advances our long-term interests and those of our stockholders. For the Chief Executive Officer's compensation arrangements, see discussion under "Chief Executive Officer Compensation" below. 
        The Compensation Committee, like the Board and management as a whole, recognizes the importance and need to continue the enhancement of the Company's compliance culture and policies and the effectiveness thereof to enhance the overall profitability and endurance of the franchise. To this end the Compensation Committee, in setting compensation for senior executive officers, including the Named Executives, and other executives and employees in positions with compliance responsibilities, emphasize compliance as a part of the review of such employee's compensation. 
   Consideration of Say-On-Pay Votes  
        We conducted an advisory stockholder vote on executive compensation on May 12, 2014 and on May 8, 2017. The results of the 2014 and 2017 votes were to affirm our compensation practices as disclosed in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis for the fiscal years 2014 and 2016 and attendant tables and narratives and the compensation paid to our Named Executives. The Compensation Committee considered the 2014 and 2017 votes and may consider the results of those votes at future annual meetings when establishing current and future year's executive compensation arrangements, but notes that the stockholder votes are non-binding and, in the future, the Compensation Committee and Board may choose not to take the results of the votes into account when establishing executive compensation arrangements. 
   Performance evaluation and total compensation timing  
        It has been our practice to determine the aggregate cash bonus pool available to our Chief Executive Officer and other senior executives on or before December 31st of the fiscal year-end in which the performance was delivered for accounting and tax purposes. However, our practice is to consider and make any long-term share-based awards to our Chief Executive Officer and other senior executives in the first 60 days of the following year, based upon their performance in the prior fiscal year. 
        While we believe our process and timing of making performance-related judgments on annual total compensation is sound, reasonable and consistent with industry standards, it does not correspond to the proscribed accounting period standards for compensation expenses nor for compensation disclosure. Elements of the total compensation for our Chief Executive Officer and other senior executives are thus recorded in different accounting years and are not captured in the proscribed tables in this proxy statement or in our financial statements in a manner which accurately reflects the Compensation Committee's judgments about performance for the fiscal year. Because of this disparity, we have made a practice of disclosing any share-based awards and their terms that are granted in the first 60 days of the following year for our Named Executives and our employees taken as a whole in our proxy statements. We do this so that stockholders can see the Compensation Committee's judgments about total compensation and how total compensation relates to the Company's and the executives' prior year's performance by combining cash bonuses and salary for the relevant fiscal year plus any stock awards granted in the first sixty days of the following year. For additional information, please see "Realized Pay For Fiscal 2018" below. 
   Determination of 2018 Compensation  
        The Compensation Committee, with recommendations from the Chief Executive Officer, makes recommendations to the Board with respect to all compensation for each Named Executive for 2018 (other than the Chief Executive Officer himself and Mr. R. S. Lowenthal, each of whose compensation is based upon the Compensation Committee's own judgments). For a discussion of the compensation for the Chief Executive Officer, see the section entitled "2018 Chief Executive Officer Compensation" below.          The Compensation Committee makes recommendations to the Board with respect to each Named Executive's annual salary and annual bonus and makes grants of share-based awards by reference to the executive's position, responsibilities and performance. Some of the factors considered by the Compensation Committee are:
        The Chief Executive Officer assessed each Named Executive's (other than the Chief Executive Officer and Mr. R.S. Lowenthal), as well as other senior officers' performance, under the foregoing criteria. In addition, the Compensation Committee has determined to use performance-based compensation arrangements for Named Executives for whom quantitative measurements of performance are feasible. The Compensation Committee established such objectives for Mr. R.S. Lowenthal in each of fiscal years 2014 through 2018. 
        Our performance assessment criteria rate performance (as appropriate in different competencies) as follows:
         Base Salary.    The base salary of our Chief Executive Officer and Mr. R.S. Lowenthal is set by the Compensation Committee. Salaries paid to senior executive officers are reviewed annually by the Compensation Committee considering recommendations made by the Chief Executive Officer, based on his assessment of the nature of the position, and the skills, experience and performance of each senior executive officer, as well as salaries paid by comparable companies in our industry. The Compensation Committee then makes recommendations to the Board of Directors with respect to base salaries. Base salaries paid to the Named Executives in 2018 were not increased from 2017 levels. 
         Annual Cash Bonus.    Bonuses paid to our senior executive officers are reviewed annually by the Compensation Committee after considering recommendations made by the Chief Executive Officer based on his assessment of the performance of the Company, the individual contribution of each senior executive officer to such performance and their competencies, provided, however, that the Compensation Committee does not review recommendations made by the Chief Executive Officer with respect to Mr. R.S. Lowenthal, who is paid pursuant to a performance and incentive-based compensation framework set forth by the Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee then makes recommendations to the Board of  Directors with respect to annual cash bonuses. Senior executive officers, including the Chief Executive Officer, may be offered the right to elect to defer a portion of their annual bonus and performance-based compensation under our Executive Deferred Compensation Plan, a non-qualified unfunded plan. No officer made such a deferral in 2018. See "Executive Deferred Compensation Plans" below. 
         Stock Option Grants.    Under the Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. 2014 Incentive Plan (the "OIP"), our senior executive officers and employees may be granted stock options by the Compensation Committee based upon a variety of considerations. Due to the relatively high cost of expensing stock option awards under applicable accounting guidance, we have limited our use of this form of award in favor of stock awards. 
        Stock Awards.    Under the OIP, our and our subsidiaries' executive officers and employees are granted stock awards by the Compensation Committee based upon recommendations from the Chief Executive Officer (except for the Chief Executive Officer himself and Mr. R.S. Lowenthal) and other considerations relating to the contribution and performance of the specific award recipient. The Compensation Committee independently considers and grants stock awards to the Chief Executive Officer and Mr. R.S. Lowenthal where it deems them appropriate. In addition, stock awards may be given as an inducement to employment for new employees or as a retention tool for existing employees. Stock awards are generally subject to a significant vesting period and we believe that these awards are useful in retaining and motivating our executive personnel. On January 25, 2018, the Company awarded a total of 281,919 restricted shares of Class A Stock to our employees, each of which will cliff vest in either of three years or five years. These awards will be expensed over the respective three or five year period. Of those awards, Mr. Alfano was awarded 7,000 shares, Mr. McKigney, Mr. Whaley, and Mr. R.S. Lowenthal were each awarded 5,000 shares and Mr. A.G. Lowenthal was awarded 46,429 shares as part of his 2017 compensation formula. On January 31,2018, Mr. A.G. Lowenthal was awarded an additional 9,100 shares. On January 31,2019, the Company awarded a total of 359,706 shares of restricted Class A Stock to our employees. Of these restricted shares, 151,818 shares will cliff vest in three years and 207,890 shares will cliff vest in five years. These awards will be expensed over the applicable three or five year vesting period. Of those awards, Mr. Alfano, Mr. McKigney, and Mr. Whaley were each awarded 5,000 shares. In addition, Mr. R.S. Lowenthal was awarded 18,868 shares and Mr. A.G. Lowenthal was awarded 75,472 shares as part of the results of their 2018 compensation frameworks. These awards cliff vest in five years and will be expensed over the five year vesting period. 
         No Backdating or Spring Loading.    We do not backdate stock awards or grant them retroactively. In addition, we generally make our stock awards at regular times each year. We do not plan to coordinate grants of stock awards so that they are made before the announcement of favorable information, or after the announcement of unfavorable information. Our stock awards are granted by the Compensation Committee at fair market value on a fixed date or event (such as the first regular meeting of the Board of Directors following an employee's hire), with all required approvals obtained in advance of or on the actual grant date. All grants of stock awards to employees are made by the Compensation Committee. 
         Fair Market Value.    Fair market value has been consistently determined, as required by the OIP, as the share closing price on the NYSE on the grant date. 
         Stock Ownership and Trading Policy.    Directors are expected to accumulate and hold at least 6,000 shares of the Company's Class A Stock and have three years to achieve that position. All sitting directors either meet that criteria, or are on a track to do so. There are no such ownership requirements for the Named Executives or other employees. The Company prohibits our executive officers and directors (and their immediate family members and affiliates) from short selling, dealing in publicly-traded options, or dealing in any other type of derivative security related to our Class A Stock. 
         Negative Discretion.    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Company's incentive compensation plans and equity-based plans, the Compensation Committee may, in its sole discretion,  reduce or eliminate the bonus amount or grant or award otherwise payable to any participant for a particular performance period at any time prior to the payment of bonuses or grants or awards to participants for such performance period. 
         Compensation Recovery Policy.    In January 2011, the Compensation Committee recommended and the Company established a compensation recovery policy, subsequently updated in March of 2017, that affects incentive compensation paid to its executive officers and certain other officers and employees determined by the Compensation Committee to be covered by such policy. In the case of material noncompliance as a result of misconduct with respect to any financial reporting requirement that results in a restatement of the Company's financial statements, the Company is required to recover the amount of incentive compensation that was paid to its executive officers (including cash bonuses, as well as proceeds from the sale of the Company's stock for the period of twelve months after the period of such restatement in the case of our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer) and may also require, if determined by the Compensation Committee, that other covered officers and employees forfeit certain unvested stock awards. The policy further provides that, to the extent that an executive officer or covered employee engages in a continued failure of the performance of their job function, or engages in misconduct that materially affects the Company or materially violates Company policies, the Company may require that executive officers or other covered employees forfeit some or all of these awards if compensation recovery was indicated. The Compensation Committee and the Company will, under certain circumstances, consider compensation for the three year period preceding a restatement of its financial statements. 
        Beneficiaries that have received stock awards have an agreement whereby such awards are subject to such clawback provisions as are described in the immediately preceding paragraph. All senior executives and other employees holding restricted stock awards are subject to such provisions. Until such time as any new policies are developed and implemented by the Company, the Company will not hesitate to pursue recourse against any employee in the case of employee fraud or misconduct. 
        Executive Deferred Compensation Plan.    The Executive Deferred Compensation Plan (the "EDCP") provides for voluntary deferral of year-end bonuses by our senior executives, which deferral option may or may not be offered in a given year. These voluntary deferrals can be deferred on a tax-free basis until a specified future time and are not subject to vesting. We do not make contributions to the EDCP for the Named Executives and other senior level executives. None of the Named Executives made a contribution to the EDCP for fiscal year 2018. Further description of the Company's deferred compensation arrangements can be found in note 15 to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2018 included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018. 
        Stock Appreciation Rights.    The Company has awarded stock appreciation rights ("OARs") to certain employees (none of whom are the Named Executives) as part of their compensation package based on a formula reflecting gross production, length of service and client assets. These awards are granted once per year in January with respect to the prior year's production. The OARs vest five years from the grant date and are settled in cash on vesting. Further description of the OARs can be found in note 15 of our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2018 included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018. 
        Benefits.    The Named Executives who are U.S.-based salaried employees participate in a variety of benefits designed to enable us to attract and retain our workforce in a competitive marketplace. We help ensure a productive and focused workforce through a healthcare program and our other benefits. Deferred compensation and 401(k) plans help employees, especially long-service employees, save and prepare financially for retirement. The Named Executives receive the same benefits as all full-time employees and no others beyond those described in this Compensation Discussion and Analysis. Our qualified 401(k) Plan allowed employees to contribute up to $18,500 for 2018 plus an additional $6,000 for employees over age 50. Employees may continue to retain their 401(k) Plan account after they leave us so long as their account balance is $5,000 or more. We do not sponsor a pension plan for our employees.           Perquisites.    We provide one perquisite to our Chief Executive Officer: Mr. A.G. Lowenthal has a Company-paid parking arrangement. The primary purpose of this parking arrangement is to minimize distractions from the executive's attention to important corporate matters. Perquisites are quantified in the "Summary Compensation Table" below and detailed in the "All Other Compensation Table" below. 
        We do not provide the Named Executives with any other perquisites, such as split-dollar life insurance, reimbursement for legal counseling for personal matters, or tax reimbursement payments. We do not provide loans to executive officers, other than margin loans in margin accounts with us in connection with the purchase of securities (including our securities), which margin accounts are substantially on the same terms, including interest rates and collateral, as those prevailing from time to time for comparable transactions with non-affiliated persons and do not involve more than the normal risk of collectability. See "Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions," below. 
         Separation and Change in Control Arrangements.    Our Named Executives are not eligible for benefits and payments if employment terminates in a separation or if there is a change in control. 
   2018 Chief Executive Officer Compensation  
        Mr. A.G. Lowenthal, our Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, is paid an annual base salary set by the Compensation Committee, plus annual performance-based compensation under the Performance-Based Compensation Agreement and, at the discretion of the Compensation Committee, is eligible for additional bonuses and/or grants of stock options and restricted stock. Our Chief Executive Officer's incentives are substantially all quantitative measures driving off the Company's core business model and designed to bring executive incentives, performance and compensation into a close relationship. 
        On May 11, 2015, Class B Stockholders ratified the Company's Amended and Restated Performance-Based Compensation Agreement with Mr. A.G. Lowenthal, which was effective May 11, 2015. The purpose of the Performance-Based Compensation Agreement is to allow the Compensation Committee to set the annual terms under which Mr. A.G. Lowenthal's annual performance-based compensation is to be calculated during the term thereof. Mr. A.G. Lowenthal's role in determining our success or failure has a very significant bearing on our ultimate results and financial condition because of the nature of his responsibilities as Chief Executive Officer. Therefore, the Compensation Committee has determined that a high proportion of his annual compensation should be subject to variability to reflect our Company's results and those of key performance indices. 
    Overview of CEO Compensation Structure         
        The Performance-Based Compensation Agreement includes a limitation on the maximum performance award available to Mr. A.G. Lowenthal in any single year, which is $10 million. The Compensation Committee may also set a lesser "cap" on Mr. A.G. Lowenthal's total performance award for any single year  which can be less than the maximum of $10 million under the Performance-Based Compensation Agreement. In 2018, the Compensation Committee established a framework pursuant to which Mr. A.G. Lowenthal could attain a Performance Award for the year 2018. 
        The framework established by the Compensation Committee was determined utilizing the following components: Total Revenue, Pre-Tax Income and Compensation as a percentage of Revenue, each for the Company for fiscal year 2018. For each of these components, three goal levels, minimum, target and maximum, were stipulated as set forth in the chart below: 
        In fiscal year 2018, the Company's Total Revenue was $958,154,000, Pre-Tax Income was $44,852,000, and Compensation as a percentage of Revenue was 63.4%. 
        By applying the 2018 results to the framework set out above, the Compensation Committee determined to grant a performance award for Mr. A.G. Lowenthal and directed that it be paid $1,500,000 in cash and a stock award of 75,472 shares of the Company's Class A Stock, the cash value of which was $2,032,461 at the date of grant based on the closing price of the Class A Stock on the NYSE on January 31, 2019 of $26.93, which award will "cliff" vest in five years from the date of grant. The award, which vests on January 30, 2024, is subject to Mr. A.G. Lowenthal being continuously employed by the Company until that date. 
        In March 2019, the Compensation Committee continued Mr. A.G. Lowenthal's base salary for 2019 at $500,000, unchanged from 2018. The table above does not include a distribution received by Mr. A.G. Lowenthal from the EDCP during fiscal year 2018 of $1,544,911. 
   2018 Compensation Arrangement for R.S. Lowenthal  
        In 2018, the Compensation Committee also determined pursuant to Article IX of the OIP to establish an Individual Target Award (the "Performance Award") for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2018 (the "Performance Period") for Mr. R.S. Lowenthal, Senior Managing Director and Head of Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.'s Investment Banking business. The Performance Award established by the Compensation Committee was determined utilizing the following components for fiscal year 2018: (i) Total Revenue, Revenue per Managing Director, Pre-Tax Income and Compensation as a percentage of Revenue for the Investment Banking Division, and (ii) Total Revenue, Pre-Tax Income and Compensation as a percentage of Revenue for the Company. For each of these components, three goal levels, minimum, target and maximum, were stipulated as set forth in the chart below.         In fiscal year 2018, the Company's Total Revenue was $958,154,000, Pre-Tax Income was $44,853,000, and Compensation as a percentage of Revenue was 63.4%. Additionally, in fiscal year 2018, Total Revenue for the Investment Banking Division was $71,909,000, Revenue per Managing Director was $1,977,000, Pre-Tax Income was $3,701,000, and Compensation as a Percentage of Revenue was 75%. References above to the Investment Banking Division exclude the banking division of the Company's international affiliates. 
        By applying the 2018 results to the framework set out above, the Compensation Committee determined to grant a Performance Award for Mr. R.S. Lowenthal and directed it be paid $3,000,000 in cash and a stock grant of 18,868 shares of Class A common stock. 
        In view of the performance during 2018 of the Investment Banking Division, and the Performance Award noted above, the Compensation Committee awarded Mr. R.S. Lowenthal a stock award of 18,868 shares of the Company's Class A Stock on January 31, 2019, the cash value of which was $508,115 based on that day's closing price of the Class A Stock on the NYSE of $26.93. The award, which vests on January 30, 2024, is subject to Mr. R.S. Lowenthal being continuously employed by the Company until that date. 
        In February 2019, the Compensation Committee increased Mr. R.S. Lowenthal's base salary for 2019 to $300,000 from $200,000 in 2018. 
   CEO Pay Ratio  
        We believe that executive pay must be consistent and internally equitable in order to motivate employees to perform in ways that create and enhance shareholder value. We are committed to internal pay equity, and the Compensation Committee monitors the relationship between the pay that our executive officers receive and the pay that our non-executive employees receive. The Compensation Committee reviewed a comparison of our CEO's annual total compensation in 2018 to that of all other employees for the same period. The compensation for our CEO was approximately 48 times the median pay of our domestic employees. 
        Our CEO to median employee ratio is calculated in accordance with SEC requirements pursuant to Item 402(u) of Regulation S-K. We identified the median employee by examining the 2018 total cash compensation for all individuals, excluding our CEO, who were employed by us on December 31, 2018, the last day of our payroll year and who had been employed by us for the entire fiscal 2018 year. We included all  employees, whether employed on a full-time, part-time or seasonal basis, except for those employees employed by non-U.S. subsidiaries, which make up less than 5% of our employee population. We did not make any assumptions, adjustments, or estimates with respect to total cash compensation, and we did not annualize the compensation for any full-time employees that were not employed by us for all of 2018. We believe that the use of total cash compensation for all employees is a consistently applied compensation measure because we do not widely distribute annual equity awards to employees. Approximately four percent (4%) of our employees receive annual equity awards. 
        After identifying the median employee based on total cash compensation, we calculated annual total compensation for such employee using the same methodology that we use for the Named Executives as set forth in the "2018 Summary Compensation Table". The annual total compensation for 2019 was $4,965,640 for our CEO and $104,000 for our median employee. 
        As illustrated in the table below, our 2018 CEO to median employee pay ratio is 48:1. 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Base Salary      $ 500,000      $ 84,000   
 Stock Awards      $ 1,414,979      $ —   
 Non-equity Incentive Plan Compensation      $ 1,500,000      $ 20,000   
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings(1)      $ 1,544,911      $ —   
 All Other Compensation      $ 5,750      $ —    
 Total       $ 4,965,640      $ 104,000   
[END TABLE]
   U.S. Internal Revenue Code Section 162(m)  
        Section 162(m) of the Code ("Section 162(m)") generally limits the tax deductibility of annual compensation in excess of $1,000,000 paid to our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. R.S. Lowenthal and our three other most highly compensated executive officers whose compensation is required to be disclosed in this proxy statement, subject to an exception for qualified performance-based compensation that was eliminated by recent tax reform legislation under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the "TCJA"), beginning January 1, 2018. The TCJA also expanded the scope of "covered employees" whose compensation may be subject to this deduction limit by, among other things, now treating the principal financial officer as a covered employee. 
        As a result of the passage of the TCJA, the Company will no longer be able to deduct annual compensation in excess of $1,000,000, other than certain amounts that are paid pursuant to binding contracts in effect prior to November 2, 2017 which were not materially modified after such date. The Compensation Committee and the Board of Directors believe that there are substantial benefits to be derived from defined performance-based compensation for key executives. In the future, the Compensation Committee expects to grant compensation, including compensation tied to performance, that may not be deductible for federal income tax purposes.      SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE   For the Year Ended December 31, 2018         
        The following table sets forth the total annual compensation paid or accrued by us to or for the account of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer for the three years ended December 31, 2018. In an effort to provide more complete disclosure, the table lists the next three most highly paid executive officers of our principal subsidiaries, Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. and Oppenheimer Asset Management Inc., whose total cash compensation for the year ended December 31, 2018 exceeded $100,000. 
[BEGIN TABLE]
    A. G. Lowenthal     2018      $ 500,000      $ —      $ 1,414,979      $ —      $ 1,500,000      $ 1,544,911      $ 5,750      $ 4,965,640   
         Chairman, CEO and Director     2017      $ 500,000      $ —      $ 1,169,820      $ —      $ 1,200,000      $ 1,312,528      $ 5,750      $ 4,188,098   
         of the Company and     2016      $ 500,000      $ —      $ —      $ —      $ —      $ 596,795      $ 5,750      $ 1,102,545   
         Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.                                                         
 J. J. Alfano        2018      $    275,000      $    850,000      $    178,430      $    —      $    —      $    —      $    —      $    1,303,430   
 CFO of the Company and     2017      $ 275,000      $ 750,000      $ 148,410      $ —      $ —      $ —      $ —      $ 1,173,410   
 Executive Vice President and     2016      $ 275,000      $ 500,000      $ 122,800      $ —      $ —      $ —      $ —      $ 897,800   
 CFO of Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.                                                         
    R.S. Lowenthal        2018      $    200,000      $    —      $    127,450      $    —      $    3,000,000      $    —      $    —      $    3,327,450   
         Director of the Company and     2017      $ 200,000      $ —      $ 261,900      $ —      $ 3,000,000      $ —      $ —      $ 3,461,900   
         Senior Managing Director and     2016      $ 200,000      $ —      $ 122,800      $ —      $ 1,726,554      $ —      $ —      $ 2,049,354   
         Head of Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.'s                                                         
         Investment                                                         
         Banking business                                                         
 B. McKigney        2018      $    225,000      $    900,000      $    127,450      $    —      $    —      $    —      $    —      $    1,252,450   
 President of Oppenheimer     2017      $ 225,000      $ 850,000      $ 174,600      $ —      $ —      $ —      $ —      $ 1,249,600   
 Asset Management Inc.     2016      $ 225,000      $ 600,000      $ 245,600      $ —      $ —      $ —      $ —      $ 1,070,600   
    M. Whaley        2018      $    175,000      $    850,000      $    127,450      $    —      $    —      $    —      $    —      $    1,152,450   
         Executive Vice President,     2017      $ 175,000      $ 750,000      $ 261,900      $ —      $ —      $ —      $ —      $ 1,186,900   
         Private Client Services, of     2016      $ 193,750      $ 500,000      $ 204,671      $ —      $ —      $ —      $ —      $ 898,421   
         Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.                                                         
[END TABLE]
Notes to Summary Compensation Table:        All Other Compensation Table   For the Year Ended December 31, 2018         
[BEGIN TABLE]
 A.G. Lowenthal      $ 5,750      $ —   
 J.J. Alfano      $ —      $ —   
 R.S. Lowenthal      $ —      $ —   
 B. McKigney      $ —      $ —   
 M. Whaley      $ —      $ —   
[END TABLE]
Notes to All Other Compensation Table:
    Grants of Plan-Based Awards   For the Year Ended December 31, 2018         
[BEGIN TABLE]
 A.G. Lowenthal (1)     1/31/2019                       75,472      $ 1,876,234   
 A.G. Lowenthal (1)     1/31/2018                       9,100      $ 231,504   
 A.G. Lowenthal (1)     1/30/2018                       46,429      $ 1,183,475   
 A.G. Lowenthal (1)     1/26/2017                       67,000      $ 1,169,820   
 R.S. Lowenthal (2)     1/31/2019                       18,868      $ 469,058   
 R.S. Lowenthal (2)     1/30/2018                       5,000      $ 127,450   
 R.S. Lowenthal (2)     1/26/2017                       15,000      $ 261,900   
[END TABLE]
Notes to Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table:        Outstanding Equity Awards Table   As of December 31, 2018         
[BEGIN TABLE]
         A.G. Lowenthal      —      —      —      —      —      67,000 (3)    $ 1,711,850      —      $ —   
         —      —      —      —      —      46,429 (2)    $ 1,186,261      —      $ —   
         —      —      —      —      —      9,100 (1)    $ 232,505      —      $ —   
 J. J. Alfano      —      —      —      —      —      2,200 (9)    $ 56,210      —      $ —   
       —      —      —      —      —      2,000 (8)    $ 51,100      —      $ —   
       —      —      —      —      —      2,381 (7)    $ 60,835      —      $ —   
       —      —      —      —      —      5,000 (6)    $ 127,750      —      $ —   
       —      —      —      —      —      10,000 (4)    $ 255,500      —      $ —   
       —      —      —      —      —      8,500 (3)    $ 217,175      —      $ —   
       —      —      —      —      —      7,000 (2)    $ 178,850      —      $ —   
         R.S. Lowenthal      —      —      —      —      —      4,400 (9)    $ 112,420      —      $ —   
         —      —      —      —      —      9,524 (7)    $ 243,338      —      $ —   
         —      —      —      —      —      5,000 (6)    $ 127,750      —      $ —   
         —      —      —      —      —      10,000 (4)    $ 255,500      —      $ —   
         —      —      —      —      —      15,000 (3)    $ 383,250      —      $ —   
         —      —      —      —      —      5,000 (2)    $ 127,750      —      $ —   
 B. McKigney      —      —      —      —      —      1,500 (9)    $ 38,325      —      $ —   
       —      —      —      —      —      1,667 (7)    $ 42,592      —      $ —   
       —      —      —      —      —      5,000 (6)    $ 127,750      —      $ —   
       —      —      —      —      —      12,500 (5)    $ 319,375      —      $ —   
       —      —      —      —      —      20,000 (4)    $ 511,000      —      $ —   
       —      —      —      —      —      10,000 (3)    $ 255,500      —      $ —   
       —      —      —      —      —      5,000 (2)    $ 127,750      —      $ —   
         M. Whaley      —      —      —      —      —      1,275 (9)    $ 32,576      —      $ —   
         —      —      —      —      —      1,000 (8)    $ 25,550      —      $ —   
         —      —      —      —      —      2,381 (7)    $ 60,835      —      $ —   
         —      —      —      —      —      10,000 (6)    $ 255,500      —      $ —   
         —      —      —      —      —      16,667 (4)    $ 425,842      —      $ —   
         —      —      —      —      —      15,000 (3)    $ 383,250      —      $ —   
         —      —      —      —      —      5,000 (2)    $ 127,750      —      $ —   
[END TABLE]
Notes to Outstanding Equity Awards Table:           On January 31, 2019, the Named Executives were awarded an aggregate of 104,340 shares of Class A Stock as follows: Mr. A.G. Lowenthal was awarded 75,472 shares of Class A Stock, Mr. R.S. Lowenthal was awarded 18,868 shares of Class A Stock, Mr. Alfano was awarded 5,000 shares of Class A Stock, and Mr. McKigney was awarded 5,000 shares of Class A Stock, each of which awards will vest on January 30, 2024, subject to the recipient being employed by the Company on the vesting date or death, if earlier. Mr. Whaley did not receive an award in January 2019. 
    Option Exercises and Stock Vested   For the Year Ended December 31, 2018         
[BEGIN TABLE]
 A. G. Lowenthal     —     —     —      $ —   
 J.J. Alfano     —     —     —      $ —   
 R.S. Lowenthal     —     —     —      $ —   
 B. McKigney     —     —     —      $ —   
 M. Whaley     —     —     —      $ —   
[END TABLE]
    Nonqualified Deferred Compensation   For the Year Ended December 31, 2018         
[BEGIN TABLE]
 A. G. Lowenthal (1)(3)     —     —      $ (365,817)    $ 10,372,433   
 J.J. Alfano     —     —      $ —      $ —   
 R.S. Lowenthal     —     —      $ —      $ —   
 B. McKigney     —     —      $ —      $ —   
 M. Whaley     —     —      $ —      $ —   
[END TABLE]
Notes to Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Table:     Realized pay for fiscal 2018         
        To supplement the SEC required disclosure in the "Summary Compensation Table" we have included the following additional table which shows the total compensation actually realized by each Named Executive for fiscal 2018. 
        The Company believes that this table is useful to stockholders as it reflects the compensation actually realized for 2018 by the Named Executives. The "Summary Compensation Table", as calculated under SEC rules, includes several items that are driven by accounting, actuarial and timing assumptions, which are not necessarily reflective of compensation actually realized by an executive in any particular reporting year. 
        Our Company's pay practices are not well reflected in these SEC-mandated tables because we used long-term (three to five year cliff vesting) stock awards to recognize and reward executive performance accomplishments beyond their annual cash bonuses (but typically within their performance framework, where we use them) to ensure a strong relationship between our senior executives' ongoing performance and ongoing stockholder value creation. In the "Summary Compensation Table", these stock awards are part of Total Compensation in the year presented in the Table and are valued on the award date, even though they typically cliff-vest three to five years after the award date and will be valued at vesting at the then market price of our stock. For additional information, please see "Performance evaluation and total compensation element timing" in the "Compensation Discussion and Analysis", above. 
        Realized pay for salary, bonus/non-equity incentive plan compensation and stock awards for fiscal 2018 was equal to 142% of the values shown in the "Summary Compensation Table" for our Chief Executive Officer and between 94% and 142% for our other Named Executives. The table below shows realized compensation for fiscal 2018 for each Named Executive. 
    Realized Pay for Fiscal 2018 Table         
[BEGIN TABLE]
 A.G. Lowenthal      $ 500,000      $ —      $ —      $ —      $ 1,500,000      $ 2,000,000     59% 
 J.J. Alfano      $ 275,000      $ 850,000      $ —      $ —      $ —      $ 1,125,000     86% 
 R.S. Lowenthal      $ 200,000      $ —      $ —      $ —      $ 3,000,000      $ 3,200,000     96% 
 B. McKigney      $ 225,000      $ 900,000      $ —      $ —      $ —      $ 1,125,000     90% 
 M. Whaley      $ 175,000      $ 850,000      $ —      $ —      $ —      $ 1,025,000     89% 
[END TABLE]
Notes to Realized Pay for Fiscal 2018 Table        Compensation Policies and Risk         
        The Compensation Committee, the Board as a whole and senior management believe that the Company's compensation policies and practices are not likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company. The Company is necessarily in the business of taking risks to facilitate its customer-oriented businesses and certain proprietary trading activities. As a result, there is no assurance that the Company will not sustain trading or other losses in pursuing its businesses. However, in that context, we believe our compensation policies, together with our control systems and risk management procedures, generally act as mitigation against, rather than an encouragement of, employees taking excessive risk exposure with firm capital. 
        A substantial portion of the Company's incentive compensation practices are related to employees situated in departments that do not create firm financial risk in conducting their advisory-style businesses. Other commitment and underwriting-related activities (which do involve firm-level risk) are regularly monitored by the firm's Commitment Committees, and such risks are further mitigated by the practice of paying modest salaries and year-end-only bonuses to the managers and employees in these activities. 
        For groups in the firm which do take frequent firm risk positions in conducting their businesses, the Company employs various risk controls, trading reserves and compensation hold-back policies which are designed to protect the firm against excessive risk-taking with firm capital. These include generally conservative position limits, monthly and quarterly compensation hold-back and/or charge-backs as well as year-end carry-over policies for groups that are compensated on monthly or quarterly intervals. In addition, for some trading groups, mark-down policies are imposed that are designed to prevent holding stale or unsalable inventories; and for others, compensation accrual at settlement date rather than trade date is utilized where appropriate. We also employ strict price monitoring policies for reviewing trading positions and the monitoring of all such prices by a group reporting directly to the Chief Financial Officer outside the control of interested individual department heads. 
        Our senior department managers in areas which place firm capital at risk are paid salaries and year-end-only bonuses from the aggregate results of their departments, a mitigating factor against excessive risk-taking within their areas of responsibility. We also have a substantial mitigating effect against excessive risk-taking by our employees due to our Chief Executive Officer's incentive compensation arrangement which is annual, includes diverse criteria for any incentive payments and includes an annual cap on any earned incentive payment amount. 
        Our Compensation and Audit Committees coordinate their activities and oversight where compensation and risk activities intersect and the Board conducts ongoing risk-oriented reviews of firm operating units presented by management concurrently with most Audit Committee meetings, and conducted annual Compensation Committee reviews of each of these specific risk/compensation practices. Please see "Risk Management" for further information. 
        This concludes our Compensation Discussion and Analysis. 
    Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management         
        Our authorized capital includes 99,665 shares of Class B Stock, all of which were issued and outstanding, and 50,000,000 shares of Class A Stock, of which 12,946,841 shares of Class A Stock were issued and outstanding, and 50,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, none of which were outstanding as of March 8, 2019. 
        The following table sets forth certain information regarding the beneficial ownership of each class of our stock as of March 8, 2019 with respect to (i) each person known by us to beneficially own, or exercise control or discretion over, more than 5% (except as otherwise indicated) of any class of our stock, (ii) each of our directors and nominees for director, (iii) each of our executive officers named in the "Summary Compensation Table" set forth herein, and (iv) our directors, nominees for director and executive officers as  a group. The address of each beneficial owner for which an address is not otherwise indicated is: c/o Oppenheimer Holdings Inc., 85 Broad Street, New York, New York 10004. 
        For purposes of the table, beneficial ownership is determined pursuant to Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act, pursuant to which a person or group of persons is deemed to have "beneficial ownership" of stock which such person or group has the right to acquire within 60 days after March 8, 2019. The percentage of shares deemed outstanding is based on 12,946,841 shares of Class A Stock and 99,665 shares of Class B Stock outstanding as of March 8, 2019. In addition, for purposes of computing the percentage of Class A Stock owned by each person, the percentage includes all Class A Stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding options held by such persons within 60 days after March 8, 2019. 
        There are no outstanding rights to acquire beneficial ownership of any Class B Stock. 
        Mr. A.G. Lowenthal has advised us that he intends to vote all of the Class B Stock owned and controlled by him for each of the matters referred to in the Notice of Meeting to be voted on at the Meeting.
[BEGIN TABLE]
 BlackRock Inc. (1)     726,905     5.5%   —     —   
 Executive Officers, Director Nominees and Others:                           
 A.G. Lowenthal (2)     3,178,971     24.6%   97,128     97.5% 
 J. J. Alfano (3)     62,335     *     60     *   
 W. Ehrhardt (3)     20,225     *     —     —   
 R. S. Lowenthal (4)     42,289     *     650     *   
 A.W. Oughtred (3)     25,525     *     —     —   
 P.M. Friedman (3)     5,375     *     —     —   
 E. Behrens (3)     2,375     *     —     —   
 T.M. Dwyer (3)     6,375     *     —     —   
 T.A. Glasser (3)     —     *               
 R.L. Roth (3)     —     *     —     —    
 Executive Officers, Director Nominees and Others as a group (11)     3,343,470     25.8%   97,838     98.2%  
[END TABLE]
        There are no arrangements, known to us, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change of control of our Company. 
        All shares of Class A Stock authorized under the OIP have been approved by the Class B Stockholders. A description of the 2014 Incentive Plan appear in note 15 of our consolidated financial statements for the year  ended December 31, 2018 included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018. 
        Class A Stock authorized for issuance under such share-based plans as of March 8, 2019 is as follows: 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 2014 Incentive Plan     1,586,293      $ 22.09     432,851   
[END TABLE]
   Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance  
        Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our directors and executive officers, and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class of our equity securities, to file by specific dates with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our equity securities. Officers, directors and greater than ten percent stockholders are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms that they file. We are required to report in this proxy statement any failure of our directors and executive officers and greater than ten percent stockholders to file by the relevant due date any of these reports during or for the preceding fiscal year (or, to the extent not previously disclosed, any prior fiscal year). 
        To our knowledge, based solely on review of copies of such reports furnished to us during and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018 and representations made to us by such persons, all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to our officers, directors and greater than ten percent stockholders were complied with. All other Section 16(a) filings requirements are currently up to date. 
   Stock Buy-Back  
        On May 5, 2017, the Company announced that its board of directors approved a share repurchase program that authorizes the Company to purchase up to 650,000 shares of the Company's Class A Stock, representing approximately 5% of its 13,178,571 then issued and outstanding shares of Class A Stock. This authorization supplemented the 40,734 shares that remained authorized and available under the Company's previous share repurchase program covering up to 665,000 shares of the Company's Class A Stock, which was announced on September 15, 2015, for a total of 690,734 shares of Class A Stock authorized and available for repurchase. 
        During the year ended December 31, 2018, the Company purchased and canceled an aggregate of 236,122 shares of Class A Stock for a total consideration of $5.9 million ($24.96 per share). As of December 31, 2018, 272,784 shares of Class A Stock were available to be purchased under this program. 
        Any such share purchases will be made by the Company from time to time in the open market at the prevailing open market price using cash on hand, in compliance with the applicable rules and regulations of the New York Stock Exchange and federal and state securities laws and the terms of the Company's senior secured debt. All shares purchased will be canceled. The share repurchase program is expected to continue indefinitely. The timing and amounts of any purchases will be based on market conditions and other factors including price, regulatory requirements and capital availability. The share repurchase program does not obligate the Company to repurchase any dollar amount or number of shares of Class A Stock. Depending on market conditions and other factors, these repurchases may be commenced or suspended from time to time without prior notice.      Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions         
   Indebtedness of Directors and Executive Officers  
        The following sets out information with respect to the aggregate indebtedness of our directors and executive officers under securities purchase and other programs. On December 31, 2018 and since that date, none of our directors and the executive officers were or have been indebted to us. 
    Indebtedness of Directors and Executive Officers Under   (I) Securities Purchase and (2) Other Programs         
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Securities Purchase Programs                                   
 N/A                                   
 Other Programs                                   
 A.G. Lowenthal   Oppenheimer   Margin   Account     —     —     —   Margined   securities     —   
 R.S. Lowenthal   Oppenheimer   Margin   Account     —     —     —   Margined   securities     —   
[END TABLE]
        During 2018, certain of our directors, executive officers and senior officers of Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., our subsidiary, maintained margin accounts with Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. in connection with the purchase of securities (including our securities). These margin accounts are substantially on the same terms, including interest rates and collateral, as those prevailing from time to time for comparable transactions with non-affiliated persons and do not involve more than the normal risk of collectability. 
   Other Relationships and Transactions  
        Mr. R.S. Lowenthal, the son of Mr. A.G. Lowenthal, our Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, is Senior Managing Director and Head of Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.'s Investment Banking business and is compensated with a base salary and a Performance-Based Cash Award for each fiscal year determined by the application of a formula established by the Compensation Committee annually based upon the performance of the Investment Banking business and other businesses that report to him for the fiscal year and certain other performance criteria established by the Compensation Committee. Mr. R.S. Lowenthal became a Director in May 2013. Mr. Andrew Crystal, the first cousin of Mr. A.G. Lowenthal, our Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, is an Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. financial advisor and is compensated on the same basis as other Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. financial advisors. 
        Our Code of Conduct and Business Ethics for Directors, Officers and Employees contains prohibitions and restrictions on our directors, executive officers and other employees from entering into or becoming involved in situations which could give rise to conflicts of interest with us. Our directors, senior executives and employees and our subsidiaries are required to avoid investments or other interests and associations that interfere, might interfere or might be perceived to interfere, with the independent exercise of judgment in our best interests. 
        Our directors, senior executives and employees may not advance their personal interests at our expense nor may they personally take or benefit from opportunities arising from their employment with us. 
        Pursuant to the Audit Committee Charter, the Audit Committee is tasked with reviewing and approving all related party transactions.      STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS         
        The Delaware General Corporation Law (the "DGCL"), which governs our Company, provides that certain registered or beneficial holders of shares entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders may, in accordance with the provisions of the DGCL, submit a notice to us of a proposal that the holder wishes to be considered by the stockholders entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders. In order for any stockholder proposal to be included in the proxy statement for the next annual meeting of stockholders of the Company following the Meeting, the proposal must be submitted to the Company at its office at 85 Broad Street, New York, New York 10004 (Attention: Secretary) prior to February 3, 2020. 
    COMMUNICATIONS WITH THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS         
        Holders of Class A and Class B Stock or other interested parties may communicate with the Board of Directors, including the Lead Director or our independent directors as a group by e-mail to info@opco.com (Attention: Board of Directors) or by mail to: 
Oppenheimer Holdings Inc.  Board of Directors  c/o Secretary  85 Broad Street  New York, New York 10004 
        All such correspondence will be forwarded to the Lead Director or to any individual director or directors to whom the communications is or are directed, unless the communication is unduly hostile, threatening, illegal, does not reasonably relate to us or our business or is similarly inappropriate. Our Secretary has the authority to discard or disregard inappropriate communications or to take other reasonable actions with respect to any such inappropriate communications. 
    WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION         
        Our Annual Report on Form l0-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 also serves as our 2018 Annual Report to Stockholders. It is available to view and print on-line on our website at www.oppenheimer.com on the Investor Relations page. A stockholder who wants to receive a paper or email copy of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 must request one. The report is available, without charge, except for exhibits to the report, by (i) writing to Oppenheimer Holdings Inc., 85 Broad Street, 22nd Floor, New York, New York 10004, Attention: Secretary, (ii) calling 1-800-221-5588, (iii) emailing us with your request at info@opco.com or (iv) through our website at www.oppenheimer.com/investor-relations/index.aspx. Exhibits will be provided upon request and payment of a reasonable fee. 
        You may read and copy our reports, proxy statements and other information at the SEC's Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. You may also obtain copies of our reports, proxy statement and other information by mail from the Public Reference Section of the SEC at prescribed rates. To obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room, you can call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC also maintains an Internet website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers, including Oppenheimer Holdings Inc., that file electronically with the SEC. The address of the SEC's Internet website is www.sec.gov. 
        Additional information relating to us is available on our website at www.oppenheimer.com. 
        You should rely only on the information contained in this proxy statement to vote on the proposals set forth herein. The Company has not authorized anyone to provide you with information that is different from what is contained in this proxy statement. This proxy statement is dated March 22, 2019. You should not  assume that the information contained in this proxy statement is accurate as of any date other than March 8, 2019, and neither the availability of this proxy statement via the Internet nor the mailing of this proxy statement to our Class B Stockholders shall create any implication to the contrary. 
    OTHER INFORMATION         
        Our Board of Directors is aware of no other matters, except for those incident to the conduct of the Meeting, that are to be presented to Class B Stockholders for formal action at the Meeting. If, however, any other matters properly come before the Meeting or any adjournments thereof, it is the intention of the persons named in the proxy to vote the proxy in accordance with their judgment. 
March 22, 2019  MMMMMMMMMMMM   Using a black ink pen, mark your votes with an X as shown in this example.   Please do not write outside the designated areas. q IF VOTING BY MAIL, SIGN,   DETACH AND RETURN THE BOTTOM PORTION IN THE ENCLOSED ENVELOPE. q + 1.   Election of Directors: For Withhold For Withhold For Withhold 1.1 - E.   Behrens 1.2 - T.M. Dwyer 1.3 - W. Ehrhardt 1.4 - P.M. Friedman 1.5 - T.A.   Glasser 1.6 - A.G. Lowenthal 1.7 - R.S. Lowenthal 1.8 - A.W. Oughtred 1.9 -   R.L. Roth ForAgainst Abstain 2. The appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP   as auditors for 2019 and the authorization of the Audit Committee to fix the   remuneration of the auditors. NOTE: Please sign as name appears hereon. Joint   owners should each sign. When signing as attorney, executor, administrator,   trustee or guardian, please give full title as such. Date (mm/dd/yyyy) —   Please print date below. Signature 1 — Please keep signature within the box.   Signature 2 — Please keep signature within the box. + 1 U P X 4 0 6 7 5 0   02ZKAA MMMMMMMMM B Authorized Signatures — This section must be completed for   your vote to be counted. — Date and Sign Below A Proposals — The Board of   Directors recommends a vote FOR all the nominees listed and FOR Proposal 2.   Annual Meeting Proxy Card q IF VOTING BY   MAIL, SIGN, DETACH AND RETURN THE BOTTOM PORTION IN THE ENCLOSED ENVELOPE. q   Annual Meeting of Stockholders – May 13, 2019 THIS PROXY IS SOLICITED BY   MANAGEMENT OF THE COMPANY The undersigned hereby revokes any proxy previously   granted and appoints Mr. A.G. Lowenthal and D.P. McNamara, Esq., and each of   them, with power to act without the other and with power of substitution, as   proxies and attorneys-in-fact and hereby authorizes them to represent and   vote, as provided on the other side, all the shares of Class B Voting Common   Stock of Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. which the undersigned is entitled to vote,   and, in their discretion, to vote upon such other business as may properly   come before the Annual Meeting of Stockholders of the Company to be held May   13, 2019 or at any adjournment or postponement thereof, with all powers which   the undersigned would possess if present at the Meeting. A Class B   Stockholder has the right to appoint a person, who need not be a Class B   Stockholder, to represent the Class B Stockholder at the Meeting other than   the persons designated herein. To exercise this right, a Class B Stockholder   may insert the name of the desired person in the box provided below or may   submit another form of proxy. THIS PROXY WILL BE VOTED AS DIRECTED, OR IF NO   DIRECTION IS INDICATED, WILL BE VOTED "FOR" PROPOSALS 1 AND 2. Important   Notice Regarding Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual Meeting of   Stockholders of the Company to be held May 13, 2019. Stockholders may view   the proxy statement and the Company's 2018 Annual Report on Form 10-K at   www.opco.com/investor-relations/index.aspx. (Continued and to be marked,   dated and signed on the other side) Proxy — OPPENHEIMER HOLDINGS INC. 
 QuickLinks 