SCHEDULE 14A  (Rule 14a-101)  INFORMATION REQUIRED IN PROXY STATEMENT  SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION
Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a)  of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
Check the appropriate box:
GUIDED THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
(Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)
(Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if Other Than the Registrant)
Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box):
Explanatory Note: 
This revised definitive proxy statement (the "proxy statement"). has been filed by Guided Therapeutics, Inc. (the "Company") in order to amend and restate that certain preliminary proxy statement filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") on September 5, 2018 and that certain definitive proxy statement filed with the SEC on September 17, 2018. This proxy statement (i) amends the ratio of the Reverse Stock Split Proposal (as described in more detail below) from between 1-for-25 and 1-for-200 to between 1-for-25and 1-for-800; (ii) adds the Increase of Authorized Common Stock Proposal (as described below in more detail); and (iii) changes the date of the Annual Meeting of Stockholders from October 5, 2018 to October 19, 2018.
GUIDED THERAPEUTICS, INC.
5835 Peachtree Corners East, Suite B
Norcross, Georgia 30092 
October 9, 2018
To the Stockholders of Guided Therapeutics, Inc.:
You are cordially invited to attend the 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the "Annual Meeting") of Guided Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), to be held at 10:00 a.m. local time on October 19, 2018, at the Company headquarters at 5835 Peachtree Corners East, Suite B, Norcross, Georgia 30092 to consider and vote upon the following proposals:
THE BOARD UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS A VOTE "FOR" THE ELECTION OF THE DIRECTOR NOMINEES FOR AND "FOR" EACH OF THE OTHER PROPOSALS TO BE SUBMITTED AT THE ANNUAL MEETING.
Pursuant to the provisions of the Company's bylaws, as amended, the Board of Directors has fixed the close of business on September 4, 2018 as the record date for determining the stockholders of the Company entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the Annual Meeting or any adjournment thereof. Accordingly, only common and Series C2 preferred stockholders of record at the close of business on September 4, 2018 are entitled to notice of, and shall be entitled to vote at, the Annual Meeting or any postponement or adjournment thereof. Please carefully review the attached notice and proxy statement for a more complete statement of matters to be considered at the Annual Meeting.
Your vote is very important to us regardless of the number of shares you own. Whether or not you are able to attend the Annual Meeting in person, please read the proxy statement and promptly vote your proxy via the internet or by completing, dating, signing and returning the enclosed proxy to assure representation of your shares at the Annual Meeting. Granting a proxy will not limit your right to vote in person if you wish to attend the Annual Meeting and vote in person.
GUIDED THERAPEUTICS, INC.
5835 Peachtree Corners East, Suite B
Norcross, Georgia 30092 
 NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
To be held on October 19, 2018
Thie attached revised  definitive proxy statement (the "proxy statement"). has been filed by Guided Therapeutics, Inc. (the "Company") in order to amend and restate that certain preliminary proxy statement filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") on September 5, 2018 and that certain definitive proxy statement filed with the SEC on September 17, 2018. This proxy statement (i) amends the ratio of the Reverse Stock Split Proposal (as described in more detail below) from between 1-for-25 and 1-for-200 to between 1-for-25 and 1-for-800; (ii) adds the Increase of Authorized Common Stock Proposal (as described below in more detail); and (iii) changes the date of the Annual Meeting of Stockholders from October 5, 2018 to [ ], 2018. This Proxy Statement has been furnished in connection with the solicitation of proxies by the Board of Directors (the "Board") of the Company for use at the 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders of the Company and at all adjournments and postponements thereof (the "Annual Meeting"). The Annual Meeting will be held at 10:00 a.m. local time on October 19, 2018, at the Company headquarters at 5835 Peachtree Corners East, Suite B, Norcross, Georgia 30092, for the following purposes:
The Board unanimously recommends a vote "FOR" the election of the director nominees and "FOR" each of the other proposals submitted at the Annual Meeting.
Holders of record of our common stock and our Series C2 preferred stock at the close of business on September 4, 2018 (the "Record Date") will be entitled to notice of and to vote at the Annual Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof. However, to assure your representation at the Annual Meeting, please vote your proxy via the internet or by completing, dating, signing and returning the enclosed proxy. Even if you have previously submitted your proxy, you may choose to vote in person at the Annual Meeting. Whether or not you expect to attend the Annual Meeting, please read the proxy statement and then promptly vote your proxy to ensure your representation at the Annual Meeting. Each share of common stock entitles the holder thereof to one vote. Each share of Series C2 preferred stock entitles the holder thereof to 381,098 vote.
We are furnishing proxy materials on the internet in addition to mailing paper copies of the materials to each of our common and Series C2 preferred stock stockholders of record. You may also access the materials for the Annual Meeting as well as our other public filings (all of which you are urged to read carefully) by visiting our website: http://www.guidedinc.com/regulatory-filings/.
Your vote is important, regardless of the number of shares you own. The affirmative vote of a plurality of the votes cast at the Annual Meeting by the holders of the common stock and the holders of the Series C2 preferred stock, voting as a single class, is required to elect the director nominees. The affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast at the Annual Meeting by the holders of common stock and the holders of the Series C2 preferred stock, voting as a single class, is required to ratify the appointment of the Auditor and to adopt the Guided Therapeutics, Inc. 2018 Stock Option Plan. The majority of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock and Series C2 preferred stock, voting as a single class, entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting is required to approve the Reverse Split Proposal.
A complete list of common and Series C2 preferred stock stockholders of record entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting will be available for ten days before the Annual Meeting at the principal executive offices of the Company for inspection by stockholders during ordinary business hours for any purpose germane to the Annual Meeting.
You are urged to review carefully the information contained in the enclosed proxy statement prior to deciding how to vote your shares.
This notice and the attached proxy statement are first being disseminated to stockholders on or about October 9, 2018.
IF YOU RETURN YOUR PROXY CARD WITHOUT AN INDICATION OF HOW YOU WISH TO VOTE, YOUR SHARES WILL BE VOTED IN FAVOR OF THE DIRECTOR NOMINEES AND EACH OF THE OTHER PROPOSALS.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
PROXY STATEMENT
GUIDED THERAPEUTICS, INC.
ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
To be held at 10:00 a.m. local time on October 19, 2018
at the Company headquarters at 5835 Peachtree Corners East, Suite B, Norcross, Georgia 30092
QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THESE PROXY MATERIALS
Why am I receiving this proxy statement?
The Company has delivered printed versions of these materials by mail to holders of common stock and Series C2 preferred stock of record and has otherwise made these materials available on the internet in connection with the Company's solicitation of proxies for use at our 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the "Annual Meeting"), which will take place at 10:00 a.m. local time on October 19, 2018, at the Company headquarters at 5835 Peachtree Corners East, Suite B, Norcross, Georgia 30092, and any postponement(s) or adjournment(s) thereof.
This proxy statement gives you information on each of the proposals put forth by Board of Directors (the "Board") so that you can make an informed decision. These materials were first sent or given to all common and Series C2 preferred stockholders of record entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting on or about October 19, 2018.
In this proxy statement, we refer to Guided Therapeutics, Inc. as the "Company," "we," "us" or "our" or similar terminology.
What is included in these materials?
If you are a holder of our common stock, par value $0.001 per share, or the holders of the Series C2 preferred stock, par value $0.001 per share, you will have received a printed version of the proxy materials, which include:
Who can vote at the Annual Meeting of stockholders?
Stockholders who owned shares of our common stock and the holders of the Series C2 preferred stock on September 4, 2018 (the "Record Date") may attend and vote at the Annual Meeting. There were 320,715,101 shares of common stock and 3,263 shares of Series C2 preferred stock outstanding on the Record Date. Each share of common stock entitles the holder thereof to one vote and each Series C2 preferred stock entitles the holder thereof to 381,098 votes.
What is the proxy card?
The proxy card enables you to appoint Gene S. Cartwright, Ph.D., our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Mark L. Faupel, our Chief Operating Officer, as your representative at the Annual Meeting. By completing and returning the proxy card (or voting online or by telephone, if permissible and as described herein), you are authorizing these persons or each of them to vote your shares at the Annual Meeting in accordance with your instructions on the proxy card. This way, your shares will be voted whether or not you attend the Annual Meeting. Even if you plan to attend the Annual Meeting, it is strongly recommended that you complete and return your proxy card before the Annual Meeting date just in case your plans change. If a proposal comes up for vote at the Annual Meeting that is not on the proxy card, the proxies will vote your shares, under your proxy, according to their best judgment.
You are being asked to vote:
How does the Board recommend that I vote?
Our Board unanimously recommends that the stockholders vote "FOR" the election of the director nominees and "FOR" each of the other proposals being put before our stockholders at the Annual Meeting.
What is the difference between holding shares as a stockholder of record and as a beneficial owner?
Most of our common stockholders hold their shares in an account at a brokerage firm, bank or other nominee holder, rather than holding share certificates in their own name. As summarized below, there are some distinctions between shares held of record and those owned beneficially.
Stockholder of Record
If, on the Record Date, your shares were registered directly in your name with our transfer agent, Computershare Limited, you are a "stockholder of record" who may vote at the Annual Meeting, and we are sending these proxy materials directly to you. As the stockholder of record, you have the right to direct the voting of your shares by returning the enclosed proxy card to us or to vote in person at the Annual Meeting or to vote on the internet at  http://www.envisionreports.com/GTHP .. Whether or not you plan to attend the Annual Meeting, please complete, date and sign the enclosed proxy card to ensure that your vote is counted.
Beneficial Owner
If, on the Record Date, your shares were held in an account at a brokerage firm or at a bank or other nominee holder, you are considered the beneficial owner of shares held "in street name," and these proxy materials are being forwarded to you by your broker or nominee who is considered the stockholder of record for purposes of voting at the Annual Meeting. As the beneficial owner, you have the right to direct your broker on how to vote your shares and to attend the Annual Meeting. However, since you are not the stockholder of record, you may not vote these shares in person at the Annual Meeting unless you receive a valid proxy from your brokerage firm, bank or other nominee holder. To obtain a valid proxy, you must make a special request of your brokerage firm, bank or other nominee holder. If you do not make this request, you can still vote by using the voting instruction card enclosed with this proxy statement; however, you will not be able to vote in person at the Annual Meeting.
If I am a holder of record of common stock and/or Series C2 preferred stock, how do I vote?
There are three ways to vote:
(1) In person.  If you are a holder of record of our common stock and/or Series C2 preferred stock, you may vote in person at the Annual Meeting. The Company will give you a ballot when you arrive.
(2) By mail.  As described above, all holders of record of our common stock and Series C2 preferred stock will receive printed versions of the proxy materials, including the proxy card. As such, you may vote by proxy by filling out the proxy card and sending it back in the envelope provided.
(3) Via the internet. You may vote via the internet by following the instructions provided on your proxy card.
If I am a beneficial owner of shares of our common stock held in street name, how do I vote?
(1) In person.  If you are a beneficial owner of shares of our common stock held in street name and you wish to vote in person at the Meeting, you must obtain a legal proxy from the brokerage firm, bank, broker-dealer or other similar organization that holds your shares. Please contact that organization for instructions regarding obtaining a legal proxy.
(2) By mail.  If you request printed copies of the proxy materials by mail, you may vote by proxy by filling out the vote instruction form and sending it back in the envelope provided by your brokerage firm, bank, broker-dealer or other similar organization that holds your shares.
(3) Via the internet. You may vote by proxy via the internet by following the instructions provided by your brokerage firm, bank, broker-dealer or other similar organization that holds your shares.
What does it mean if I receive more than one proxy card?
You may have multiple accounts at the transfer agent and/or with brokerage firms. Please sign and return all proxy cards to ensure that all of your shares are voted.
What if I change my mind after I return my proxy?
As a holder of record of our common stock or Series C2 preferred stock, you may revoke your proxy and change your vote at any time before the polls close at the Annual Meeting. You may do this by:
Please note, however, that if your shares are held of record by a brokerage firm, bank or other nominee, you must instruct your broker, bank or other nominee that you wish to change your vote by following the procedures on the voting form provided to you by the broker, bank or other nominee. If your shares are held in street name, and you wish to attend and vote at the Annual Meeting, you must bring to the Annual Meeting a legal proxy from the broker, bank or other nominee holding your shares, confirming your beneficial ownership of the shares and giving you the right to vote your shares.
Will my shares be voted if I do not sign and return my proxy card?
If your shares are held in street name and you do not sign and return your proxy card, your shares will not be voted on non-routine matters. Your broker could vote on routine matters without instructions from you.
If your shares are held in your name and you do not sign and return your proxy card, your shares will not be voted.
How are votes counted?
You may vote "for," "against," or "abstain" on each of the proposals being placed before our stockholders. Abstentions and broker non-votes will be counted for the purpose of determining whether a quorum is present at the Annual Meeting.
Broker non-votes occur on a matter when a broker is not permitted to vote on that matter without instructions from the beneficial owner and instructions are not given. These matters are referred to as "non-routine" matters. The election of directors and the Option Plan Proposal are "non-routine." Thus, in tabulating the voting result for these proposals, shares that constitute broker non-votes are not considered votes cast on that proposal. The ratification of the appointment of the Auditor and the Reverse Split Proposal are "routine" and therefore a broker may vote on these matters without instructions from the beneficial owner as long as instructions are not given.
How many shares must be present or represented to conduct business at the Annual Meeting?
The quorum requirement for holding the Annual Meeting and transacting business is that holders of a majority of the common stock and Series C2 preferred stock outstanding as of the Record Date must be present in person or represented by proxy. "Broker non-votes," which are described above, and abstentions are counted for the purpose of determining the presence of a quorum. In order to meet the quorum requirement for holding the Annual Meeting and transacting business, holders of at least 160,357,551 shares of our common stock and holders of at least 1,632 shares of Series C2 preferred stock must be present in person or represented by proxy at the Annual Meeting.
How many votes are required to elect the director nominees of the Company?
In the election of the directors, the five people receiving the highest number of affirmative votes from holders of our common stock and holders of our Series C2 preferred stock, voting as a single class, will be elected.
How many votes are required to ratify the Board's appointment of the Auditor?
The affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast at the Annual Meeting by the holders of common stock and Series C2 preferred stock, voting as a single class, is required to ratify the previous appointment by the Board of the Auditor as our independent registered public accounting firm for the year ending December 31, 2018.
How many votes are required to approve the Reverse Split Proposal?
The affirmative vote of a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock and Series C2 preferred stock entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting, voting as a single class, is required to approve the Reverse Split Proposal. 
How many votes are required to approve the Option Plan Proposal?
The affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast at the Annual Meeting by the holders of common stock and Series C2 preferred stock, voting as a single class, is required to approve the Option Plan Proposal. 
What happens if I don't indicate how to vote my proxy?
If you just sign your proxy card without providing further instructions, your shares will be voted "FOR" the director nominees and "FOR" the other proposals being placed before our stockholders at the Annual Meeting.
Is my vote kept confidential?
Proxies, ballots and voting tabulations identifying stockholders are kept confidential and will not be disclosed except as may be necessary to meet legal requirements.
Where do I find the voting results of the Meeting?
We will announce preliminary voting results at the Annual Meeting. The final voting results will be tallied by the inspector of election at the Annual Meeting and then published in the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, which the Company is required to file with the SEC within four business days following the Annual Meeting.
Who can help answer my questions?
You can contact our Chief Operating Officer, Mark L. Faupel, by telephone at (770) 242-8723, or by sending a letter to Mr. Faupel at the offices of the Company at 5835 Peachtree Corners East, Suite B, Norcross, Georgia 30092 with any questions about the proposals described in this proxy statement or how to execute your vote.
THE ANNUAL MEETING
General
This proxy statement is being furnished to you, as a stockholder of Guided Therapeutics, Inc., as part of the solicitation of proxies by our Board for use at the Annual Meeting to be held on October 19, 2018, and any adjournment or postponement thereof.
Date, Time, Place and Purpose of the Annual Meeting
The Annual Meeting will be held on at 10:00 a.m. local time on October 19, 2018, at the Company headquarters at 5835 Peachtree Corners East, Suite B, Norcross, Georgia 30092, or such other date, time and place to which the Annual Meeting may be adjourned or postponed. You are cordially invited to attend the Annual Meeting, at which stockholders will be asked to consider and vote upon the following proposals, which are more fully described in this proxy statement:
Recommendations of the Board
After careful consideration, the Board has unanimously determined to recommend that stockholders vote (i) "FOR" the director nominees, (ii) "FOR" the ratification of the appointment of the Auditor as the Company's independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2018, (iii) "FOR" the Reverse Split Proposal, (iv) "FOR" the Increase of Authorized Common Stock Proposal, and (v) "FOR" the Option Plan Proposal.
Record Date and Voting Power
Our Board fixed the close of business on September 4, 2018, as the Record Date for the determination of the outstanding shares of common stock entitled to notice of, and to vote on, the matters presented at this Annual Meeting. As of the Record Date, there were 320,715,101 shares of common stock outstanding and 3,263 shares of Series C1 preferred stock outstanding. Each share of common stock entitles the holder thereof to one vote. Each share of Series C1 preferred stock entitles the holder thereof to 381,098 votes.
Quorum and Required Vote
A quorum of stockholders is necessary to hold a valid meeting. A quorum will be present at the Annual Meeting if the holders of 160,357,551 shares of common stock (representing a majority of the common stock outstanding and entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting) and the holders of 1,632 shares of Series C2 preferred stock (representing a majority of the Series C2 preferred stock outstanding and entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting) is represented in person or by proxy. Abstentions and broker non-votes will count as present for purposes of establishing a quorum.
In the election of the directors, the five people receiving the highest number of affirmative votes from holders of our common stock and holders of our Series C2 preferred stock, voting as a single class, at the Annual Meeting will be elected. Abstentions and broker non-votes will have no effect on this proposal.
The affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast at the Annual Meeting by the holders of common stock and holders of Series C2 preferred stock, voting as a single class, is required to ratify the Auditor as our independent registered public accounting firm for the year ending December 31, 2018. Abstentions will have no effect on this proposal. Brokers may use their discretion to vote shares held by them of record for this proposal if they have not been provided with voting instructions from the beneficial owner of the shares of common stock.
The affirmative vote of a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock and Series C2 preferred stock entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting, voting as a single class, is required for approval of the Reverse Split Proposal. Abstentions will have the effect of a vote against this proposal. Brokers may use their discretion to vote shares held by them of record for this proposal if they have not been provided with voting instructions from the beneficial owner of the shares of common stock.
The affirmative vote of a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock and Series C2 preferred stock entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting, voting as a single class, is required for approval of the Increase of Authorized Common Stock Proposal. Abstentions will have the effect of a vote against this proposal. Brokers may use their discretion to vote shares held by them of record for this proposal if they have not been provided with voting instructions from the beneficial owner of the shares of common stock.
The affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast at the Annual Meeting by the holders of common stock and holders of Series C2 preferred stock, voting as a single class, is required to approve the Option Plan Proposal. Abstentions and broker non-votes will have no effect on this proposal.
Voting
There are three ways to vote if you are a holder of record of common stock and/or Series C2 preferred stock:
(1) In person.  If you are a holder of record of common stock, you may vote in person at the Annual Meeting. The Company will give you a ballot when you arrive.
(2) By mail.  You may vote by mail. As described above, all holders of record of our common stock and our Series C2 preferred stock will receive printed versions of the proxy materials, including the proxy card. As such, you may vote by proxy by filling out the proxy card and sending it back in the envelope provided.
(3) Via the internet.  You may vote via the internet by following the instructions provided on your proxy card.
There are three ways to vote if you are a beneficial owner of shares of common stock held in street name:
(1) In person.  If you are a beneficial owner of shares of common stock held in street name and you wish to vote in person at the Annual Meeting, you must obtain a legal proxy from the brokerage firm, bank, broker-dealer or other similar organization that holds your shares. Please contact that organization for instructions regarding obtaining a legal proxy.
(2) By mail.  If you request printed copies of the proxy materials by mail, you may vote by proxy by filling out the vote instruction form and sending it back in the envelope provided by your brokerage firm, bank, broker-dealer or other similar organization that holds your shares.
(3) Via the internet.  Use the internet to vote by going to the internet address listed on your proxy card; have your proxy card in hand as you will be prompted to enter your control number and to create and submit an electronic vote. If you vote in this manner, your "proxy," whose name is listed on the proxy card, will vote your shares as you instruct on the proxy card. If you sign and return the proxy card or submit an electronic vote but do not give instructions on how to vote your shares, your shares will be voted as recommended by the Board.
While we know of no other matters to be acted upon at this year's Annual Meeting, it is possible that other matters may be presented at the Annual Meeting. If that happens and you have signed a proxy card or submitted an electronic vote and not revoked such proxy card or vote, your proxy will vote on such other matters in accordance with your proxies' best judgment.
A special note for those who plan to attend the Annual Meeting and vote in person: if your shares are held in the name of a broker, bank or other nominee, you must bring a statement from your brokerage account or a letter from the person or entity in whose name the shares are registered indicating that you are the beneficial owner of those shares of common stock as of the Record Date. In addition, you will not be able to vote at the Annual Meeting unless you obtain a legal proxy from the record holder of your shares of common stock.
Our Board is asking for your proxy. Giving your proxy to the individuals named herein as designated by the Board means you authorize those individuals (who are our named executive officers) to vote your shares of common stock and/or Series C2 preferred stock at the Annual Meeting in the manner you direct. You may vote for or withhold your vote for the director nominees or each proposal or you may abstain from voting. All valid proxies received prior to the Annual Meeting will be voted. All shares represented by a proxy will be voted, and where a stockholder specifies by means of the proxy a choice with respect to any matter to be acted upon, the shares will be voted in accordance with the specification so made. If no choice is indicated on the proxy, the shares will be voted "FOR" the election of the director nominees, "FOR" the other proposals and as the proxy holders may determine in their discretion with respect to any other matters that may properly come before the Annual Meeting.
Stockholders who have questions or need assistance in completing or submitting their proxy cards should contact Mark L. Faupel, Chief Operating Officer of the Company, at (770) 242-8723, or by sending a letter to Mr. Faupel at the offices of the Company at 5835 Peachtree Corners East, Suite B, Norcross, Georgia 30092.
Stockholders who hold their shares of common stock in "street name," meaning that a broker or other nominee is the record holder of their common stock, must either direct the record holder of their shares to vote their shares or obtain a proxy or voting instruction from the record holder to vote their shares at the Annual Meeting.
Expenses
The cost of preparing, assembling, printing and mailing this proxy statement and the accompanying form of proxy, and the cost of soliciting proxies relating to the Annual Meeting, will be borne by the Company. Some banks and brokers have customers who beneficially own common stock listed of record in the names of nominees. We intend to request banks and brokers to solicit such customers and will reimburse them for their reasonable out-of-pocket expenses for such solicitations. If any additional solicitation of the holders of our outstanding shares of common stock is deemed necessary, we (through our directors and officers) anticipate making such solicitation directly. The solicitation of proxies by mail may be supplemented by telephone and personal solicitation by officers, directors and other employees of the Company, but no additional compensation will be paid to such individuals.
Revocability of Proxies
Any proxy may be revoked by the person giving it at any time before the polls close at the Annual Meeting. A proxy may be revoked by filing with Mark L. Faupel, Chief Operating Officer of the Company, either (i) a written notice of revocation bearing a date later than the date of such proxy, (ii) a subsequent proxy relating to the same shares, or (iii) by attending the Annual Meeting and voting in person.
Simply attending the Annual Meeting will not constitute revocation of your proxy. If your shares of common stock are held in the name of a broker or other nominee who is the record holder, you must follow the instruction of your broker or other nominee to revoke a previously given proxy.
Attendance at the Annual Meeting
Only holders of common stock and/or Series C2 preferred stock and their proxy holders we may invite may attend the Annual Meeting. If you wish to attend the Annual Meeting in person but you hold your shares through someone else, such as a broker, you must bring proof of your ownership and identification with photo identification at the Annual Meeting. For example, you may bring an account statement showing that you beneficially owned shares of the Company as of the Record Date as acceptable proof of ownership.
No Right of Appraisal
None of Delaware law, our Restated Certificate of Incorporation or our bylaws, as amended (the "Bylaws"), provides for appraisal or other similar rights for dissenting stockholders in connection with any of the proposals to be voted upon at this Annual Meeting. Accordingly, our stockholders will have no right to dissent and obtain payment for their shares.
Principal Offices
The principal executive offices of the Company are located at 5835 Peachtree Corners East, Suite B, Norcross, Georgia 30092. The Company's telephone number at such address is (770) 242-8723.
ALL PROXIES RECEIVED WILL BE VOTED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE CHOICES SPECIFIED ON SUCH PROXIES. PROXIES WILL BE VOTED IN FAVOR OF A PROPOSAL IF NO CONTRARY SPECIFICATION IS MADE. ALL VALID PROXIES OBTAINED WILL BE VOTED AT THE DISCRETION OF THE PERSONS NAMED IN THE PROXY WITH RESPECT TO ANY OTHER BUSINESS THAT MAY COME BEFORE THE MEETING. THE BOARD UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS A VOTE "FOR" THE DIRECTOR NOMINEES AND "FOR" EACH OF THE OTHER PROPOSALS TO BE SUBMITTED AT THE MEETING.
PROPOSAL 1  ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
Introduction
The Board has nominated each of Gene S. Cartwright, Mark L. Faupel, Richard P. Blumberg, John E. Imhoff and Michael C. James (each of whom are the current members of the Board) to stand for re-election as directors of the Company at the Annual Meeting. Stockholders will be asked to elect the director nominees named herein, who, if elected, will each hold office until the next Annual Meeting of Stockholders or until his successor is elected and qualified or until his earlier death, resignation or removal. The enclosed proxy, if returned, and unless indicated to the contrary, will be voted for the election of the director nominees named herein.
We have been advised by each of the director nominees that he is willing to be named as a nominee and is willing to continue to serve as a director if elected. If some unexpected occurrence should make necessary, in the discretion of the Board, the substitution of some other person as nominee, it is the intention of the persons named in the proxy to vote for the election of such other person as may be designated by the Board.
For the biographies of our director nominees and other related information, please see ""Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance" section of this proxy statement.
Board Qualifications
We believe that the collective skills, experiences and qualifications of the director nominees provide our Board with the expertise and experience necessary to advance the interests of our stockholders. We believe Dr. Cartwright is well-qualified to serve as a member of our Board because he brings over 30 years of experience working in the IVD diagnostics industry, with great experience in the diagnostics market both in the development and introduction of new diagnostics technologies, as well as extensive successful commercial experience with global businesses. We believe Dr. Faupel, one of our co-founders, is well-qualified to serve as a member of our Board because he has more than 30 years of experience in developing non-invasive alternatives to surgical biopsies and blood tests, especially in the area of cancer screening and diagnostics. We believe Mr. Blumberg is well-qualified to serve as a member of our Board because of his extensive experience as a venture capitalist specializing in high-tech and life science companies. We believe Dr. Imhoff is well-qualified to serve as a member of our Board because of his experience in clinical trials and in other technical aspects of a medical device company, his background in industrial engineering which allows him to combine his knowledge with clinical applications, and his experience in the investment community. We believe Mr. James is well-qualified to serve as a member of our Board because of his experience both in the areas of company finance and accounting as well his extensive experience in the management of both small and large companies and his entrepreneurial background.
Required Vote
In the election of the directors, the five people receiving the highest number of affirmative votes cast by holders of the common stock and holders of Series C2 preferred stock, voting as a single class, at the Annual Meeting will be elected. Abstentions and broker non-votes will have no effect on this proposal.
Recommendation of the Board
THE BOARD UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS A VOTE "FOR" THE ELECTION OF THE DIRECTOR NOMINEES.
PROPOSAL 2  RATIFICATION OF AUDITOR
Introduction
UHY LLP has previously been appointed by our Board to serve as our independent registered public accounting firm for our fiscal year ending December 31, 2018. Stockholders will be asked to ratify the appointment of the Auditor to serve as our independent auditors. The Board is directly responsible for appointing the Company's independent registered public accounting firm. The Board is not bound by the outcome of this vote but will consider these voting results when selecting the Company's independent auditor for fiscal year 2019. A representative of the Auditor is expected to be present at the Annual Meeting via telephone.
The Board reviews and approves the audit and non-audit services to be provided by our independent registered public accounting firm during the year, considers the effect that performing those services might have on audit independence and approves management's engagement of our independent registered public accounting firm to perform those services. The Board reserves the right to appoint a different independent registered public accounting firm at any time during the year if the Board believes that a change is in the best interest of the Company and our stockholders.
We were billed by UHY LLP $147,000 and $176,000 during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, for professional services, which include fees associated with the annual audit of financial statements and review of our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and other SEC filings.
[BEGIN TABLE]
     2017 2016  
     2017 2016  
[END TABLE]
 Our Board has determined that the services provided by the Auditor are compatible with maintaining the independence of the Auditor as our independent registered public accounting firm.
Required Vote
Ratification of the appointment by the Board of the Auditor as the Company's independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2018 requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast at the Annual Meeting by the holders of common stock and the holders of Series C2 preferred stock, voting as a single class.
Recommendation of the Board
THE BOARD UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS A VOTE "FOR" THE RATIFICATION OF THE APPOINTMENT BY THE BOARD OF THE AUDITOR AS THE COMPANY'S INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDING DECEMBER 31, 2018.
PROPOSAL 3REVERSE SPLIT PROPOSAL
Introduction
On August 31, 2018, the Board acted unanimously to adopt the Reverse Split Proposal to amend our Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (the "Certificate of Incorporation"), to enable a potential reverse split of our outstanding common stock (the "Reverse Split") at a ratio of between 1-for-25 and 1-for-800, with such ratio to be determined at the sole discretion of the Board and with such reverse split to be effected at such time and date on or before March 31, 2019, if at all, as determined by the Board in its sole discretion. The Board is now asking you to approve the Reverse Split.
Effecting the Reverse Split and corresponding proportionate reduction in outstanding shares of our common stock requires that Article IV of our Certificate of Incorporation be amended to include a reference to the Reverse Split. If approved, the Reverse Split will be effective upon the filing of a Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation, in the form attached to this proxy statement as Annex A, with the Secretary of State of Delaware, with such filing to occur, if at all, at the sole discretion of the Board.
The intention of the Board in obtaining approval for the authority to effect a Reverse Split would be to increase the stock price of our common stock, which the Board believes could enhance the acceptability and marketability of our common stock to the financial community and the investing public and may mitigate any reluctance on the part of certain brokers and investors to trade in our common stock.
In addition, the Board believes the Reverse Split would increase the potential for our common stock to be listed on a U.S. or foreign securities exchange, potentially increasing the liquidity of our common stock, although there can be no assurance that the Reverse Split will be sufficient to satisfy applicable listing requirements for any securities exchange. Many institutional investors have policies prohibiting them from holding stocks in their own portfolios which trade at prices below certain levels. These policies reduce the number of potential investors in our common stock at its current market price.
In addition, analysts at many leading brokerage firms are reluctant to recommend stocks to their clients, or monitor the activity of stocks, that trade at a price per share below certain levels. A variety of brokerage house policies and practices also tend to discourage individual brokers within those firms from dealing in stocks that trade at a price per share below certain levels. Some of those policies and practices pertain to the payment of brokers' commissions and to time-consuming procedures that function to make the handling of such stocks unattractive to brokers from an economic standpoint. Additionally, because brokers' commissions on such stocks generally represent a higher percentage of the stock price than commissions on higher-priced stocks, the current share price of our common stock can result in an individual stockholder paying transaction costs that represent a higher percentage of total share value than would be the case if our share price were higher. This factor may also limit the willingness of institutions to purchase our common stock.
One principal effect of the Reverse Split would be to decrease the number of outstanding shares of our common stock (and the shares of common stock underlying our outstanding Series C preferred stock, Series C1 preferred stock and Series C2 preferred stock) as described below. Except for de minimus adjustments that may result from the treatment of fractional shares as described below, the Reverse Split will not have any dilutive effect on our stockholders (whether such stockholders hold common stock or preferred stock) since each stockholder would hold the same percentage of our common stock outstanding immediately following the Reverse Split as such stockholder held immediately prior to the Reverse Split. The relative voting and other rights that accompany the shares would not be affected by the Reverse Split. Our preferred stock will not be subject to the Reverse Split, but the shares of common stock receivable upon conversion of such preferred stock will be adjusted as a result of the Reverse Split.
The table below sets forth the number of shares of our common stock outstanding before and after the Reverse Split based on 320,715,101 shares of common stock outstanding as of the Record Date. The table below also sets forth the number of shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the Series C preferred stock, Series C1 preferred stock and Series C2 preferred stock before and after the Reverse Split based on 320,715,101 shares outstanding, respectively, as of the Record Date.
[BEGIN TABLE]
  Prior to the reverse split  Assuming a 1-for-25 reverse split  Assuming a 1-for-50 reverse split  Assuming a 1-for-100 reverse split  Assuming a 1-for-200 reverse split  Assuming a 1-for-400 reverse split  Assuming a 1-for-800 reverse split 
  Prior to the reverse split  Assuming a 1-for-25 reverse split  Assuming a 1-for-50 reverse split  Assuming a 1-for-100 reverse split  Assuming a 1-for-200 reverse split  Assuming a 1-for-400 reverse split  Assuming a 1-for-800 reverse split 
  Prior to the reverse split  Assuming a 1-for-25 reverse split  Assuming a 1-for-50 reverse split  Assuming a 1-for-100 reverse split  Assuming a 1-for-200 reverse split  Assuming a 1-for-400 reverse split  Assuming a 1-for-800 reverse split 
[END TABLE]
The Reverse Split is not part of a broader plan to take us private.
Potential Disadvantages of the Reverse Split
As noted above, the principal purpose of the Reverse Split would be to help increase the per share market price of our common stock by up to factor of 800. We cannot assure you, however, that the Reverse Split will accomplish this objective for any meaningful period of time. While we expect that the reduction in the number of outstanding shares of common stock will increase the market price of our common stock, we cannot assure you that the Reverse Split will increase the market price of our common stock by a multiple equal to the number of pre-split shares, or result in any permanent increase in the market price of our common stock, which is dependent upon many factors, including our business and financial performance, general market conditions and prospects for future success. If the per share market price does not increase proportionately as a result of the Reverse Split, then the value of our Company as measured by our stock capitalization will be reduced, perhaps significantly.
The number of shares held by each individual holder of common stock would be reduced if the Reverse Split is implemented. This will increase the number of stockholders who hold less than a "round lot," or 100 shares. Typically, the transaction costs to stockholders selling "odd lots" are higher on a per share basis. Consequently, the Reverse Split could increase the transaction costs to existing holders of common stock in the event they wish to sell all or a portion of their position.
Although our Board believes that the decrease in the number of shares of our common stock outstanding as a consequence of the Reverse Split and the anticipated increase in the market price of our common stock could encourage interest in our common stock and possibly promote greater liquidity for our stockholders, such liquidity could also be adversely affected by the reduced number of shares outstanding after the Reverse Split.
Effecting the Reverse Split
Upon receipt of stockholder approval for the Reverse Split Proposal, if our Board concludes that it is in the best interests of our company and our stockholders to effect the Reverse Split, the Certificate of Amendment will be filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware. The actual timing of the filing of the Certificate of Amendment with the Secretary of State of Delaware to effect the Reverse Split will be determined by our Board in its sole discretion. Even if our stockholders approve the Reverse Split Proposal, no assurances can be given that our Board will approve the Reverse Split. In addition, if for any reason our Board deems it advisable to do so, the Reverse Split (even if approved by the Board) may be abandoned at any time prior to the filing of the Certificate of Amendment, without further action by our stockholders. Finally, the Board alone will have sole discretion to determine the final ratio of the Reverse Split within the parameters contain in the Reverse Split Proposal. The Reverse Split will be effective as of the date of filing with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware (the "Effective Time").
Upon the filing of the Certificate of Amendment, without further action on our part or our stockholders, the outstanding shares of common stock held by stockholders of record as of the Effective Time would be converted into a lesser number of shares of common stock based on a Reverse Split ratio as determined by the Board in its sole discretion. For example, if you presently hold 1,500 shares of our common stock, you would hold 60 shares of our common stock following the Reverse Split if the ratio is 1-for-25 or you would hold 10 shares of our common stock if the ratio is 1-for-800.
Effect on Outstanding Shares, Options and Certain Other Securities
If the Reverse Split is implemented, the number of shares of our common stock that may be purchased upon exercise of outstanding options or other securities (including our outstanding preferred stock) convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for, shares of our common stock, and the exercise or conversion prices for these securities, will also be ratably adjusted in accordance with their terms as of the Effective Time.
Effect on Registration
Our common stock is currently registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and we are subject to the periodic reporting and other requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). The proposed Reverse Split will not affect the registration of our common stock.
Fractional Shares; Exchange of Stock Certificates
Our Board does not currently intend to issue fractional shares in connection with the Reverse Split. Therefore, we do not expect to issue certificates representing fractional shares. In lieu of any fractional shares, we will issue to stockholders of record who would otherwise hold a fractional share because the number of shares of common stock they hold of record before the Reverse Split is not evenly divisible by the Reverse Split ratio that number of shares of common stock as rounded up to the nearest whole share. For example, if a stockholder holds 150.25 shares of common stock following the Reverse Split, that stockholder will receive a certificate representing 151 shares of common stock. No stockholders will receive cash in lieu of fractional shares.
As of the Record Date, we had 144holders of record of our common stock (although we have significantly more beneficial holders). We do not expect the Reverse Split and the rounding up of fractional shares to whole shares to result in a significant reduction in the number of record holders. We presently do not intend to seek any change in our status as a reporting company for federal securities law purposes, either before or after the Reverse Split.
On or after the Effective Time, we will mail a letter of transmittal to each stockholder of our common stock. Each stockholder of our common stock will be able to obtain a certificate evidencing his, her or its post-Reverse Split shares of common stock only by sending the exchange agent (who will be Computershare Limited, the Company's transfer agent) the stockholder's old common stock certificate(s), together with the properly executed and completed letter of transmittal and such evidence of ownership of the shares as we may require. Stockholders of our common stock will not receive certificates for post-Reverse Split shares unless and until their old certificates are surrendered. Stockholders of our common stock should not forward their certificates to the exchange agent until they receive the letter of transmittal, and they should only send in their certificates with the letter of transmittal. The exchange agent will send each stockholder, if elected in the letter of transmittal, a new stock certificate after receipt of that stockholder's properly completed letter of transmittal and old stock certificate(s). A stockholder of our common stock that surrenders his, her or its old stock certificate(s) but does not elect to receive a new stock certificate in the letter of transmittal will be deemed to have requested to hold that stockholder's shares of common stock electronically in book-entry form with our transfer agent.
Certain of our registered holders of common stock hold some or all of their shares electronically in book-entry form with our transfer agent. These stockholders do not have stock certificates evidencing their ownership of our common stock. They are, however, provided with a statement reflecting the number of shares registered in their accounts. If a stockholder holds registered shares in book-entry form with our transfer agent, the stockholder may return a properly executed and completed letter of transmittal.
Stockholders of our common stock who hold shares in street name through a nominee (such as a bank or broker) will be treated in the same manner as stockholders whose shares are registered in their names, and nominees will be instructed to effect the Reverse Split for their beneficial holders. However, nominees may have different procedures and stockholders holding shares in street name should contact their nominees.
Stockholders of our common stock will not have to pay any service charges in connection with the exchange of their certificates.
Anti-Takeover and Dilutive Effects
Because we are changing the number of outstanding shares of common stock, but keeping the authorized shares the same, the Reverse Split will have the effect of increasing the number of shares common stock that could be issued. The common stock and preferred stock that is authorized but unissued provide the Board with flexibility to effect among other transactions, public or private financings, acquisitions, stock dividends, stock splits and the granting of equity incentive awards. However, these authorized but unissued shares may also be used by our Board, consistent with and subject to its fiduciary duties, to deter future attempts to gain control of us or make such actions more expensive and less desirable. The Certificate of Amendment would continue to give our Board authority to issue additional shares from time to time without delay or further action by the stockholders except as may be required by applicable law or regulations. The Certificate of Amendment is not being recommended in response to any specific effort of which we are aware to obtain control of us, nor does our Board have any present intent to use the authorized but unissued common stock or preferred stock to impede a takeover attempt. There are no plans or proposals to adopt other provisions or enter into any arrangements that have material anti-takeover effects.
Accounting Consequences
As of the Effective Time, the stated capital attributable to common stock on our balance sheet will be reduced proportionately based on the Reverse Split ratio (including a retroactive adjustment of prior periods), and the additional paid-in capital account will be credited with the amount by which the stated capital is reduced. Reported per share net income or loss will be higher because there will be fewer shares of our common stock outstanding.
Federal Income Tax Consequences  
The following discussion is a summary of the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the Reverse Split generally applicable to U.S holders (as defined below) of our common stock, and is based upon U.S. federal income tax law and relevant interpretations thereof in effect as of the date of this proxy statement, all of which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect. This summary does not discuss all aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that may be important to you in light of your individual circumstances, including if you are subject to special tax rules that apply to certain types of investors (e.g., financial institutions, insurance companies, broker-dealers, partnerships or other pass-through entities for U.S. federal income tax purposes, tax-exempt organizations (including private foundations), taxpayers that have elected mark-to-market tax accounting, S corporations, regulated investment companies, real estate investment trusts, investors that will hold our securities as part of a straddle, hedge, conversion, or other integrated transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes, or investors that have a functional currency other than the U.S. dollar), all of whom may be subject to tax rules that differ materially from those summarized below. In addition, this summary does not discuss other U.S. federal tax consequences (e.g., estate or gift tax), any state, local, or non-U.S. tax considerations, the Medicare tax on certain investment income or the alternative minimum tax.
This summary is limited to U.S. holders that hold our common stock as "capital assets" (generally, property held for investment) within the meaning of Section 1221 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, (the "Code"). We have not sought, and will not seek, a ruling from the Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS") regarding any matter discussed herein, and no assurance can be given that the IRS would not assert, or that a court would not sustain, a position contrary to any of the tax aspects set forth below.
For purposes of this summary, a "U.S. holder" is a beneficial holder of common stock who or that, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, is:
If a partnership (or other entity classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) is the beneficial owner of our common stock or preferred stock, the U.S. federal income tax treatment of a partner in the partnership will generally depend on the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. Partnerships that hold our common stock or preferred stock, and partners in such partnerships, should consult their own tax advisors regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the Reverse Split.
Each stockholder should consult his, her or its own tax advisor regarding the U.S. federal, state, local and foreign income and other tax consequences of the Reverse Split.
The Reverse Split should be treated as a recapitalization for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Therefore, no gain or loss should be recognized by a U.S. holder upon the Reverse Split. Accordingly, the aggregate tax basis in the common stock or preferred stock received pursuant to the Reverse Split should equal the aggregate tax basis in the common stock or preferred stock surrendered and the holding period for the common stock or preferred stock received should include the holding period for the common stock or preferred stock surrendered.
Text of Proposed Certificate of Amendment; Effectiveness
The text of the proposed Certificate of Amendment is set forth in Annex A to this proxy statement. If and when effected by our Board, the Certificate of Amendment will become effective upon its filing with the Secretary of State of Delaware.
Required Vote
The affirmative vote of a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock and Series C2 preferred stock entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting, voting as a single class, is required to approve the Reverse Split Proposal. Abstentions are considered present for purposes of establishing a quorum.
Recommendation of the Board
THE BOARD UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS A VOTE "FOR" THE REVERSE SPLIT PROPOSAL.
Notwithstanding stockholder approval of the Reverse Split Proposal, the Board may abandon the Reverse Split Proposal without further stockholder action.
PROPOSAL 4
INCREASE OF AUTHORIZED COMMON STOCK PROPOSAL
 Introduction
The Board believes it is in the best interest of the Coimpany to increase the number of authorized shares of commonstock from 1,000,000,000 shares to 3,000,000,000 shares. These shares do not offer any preemptive rights. The text of the proposed amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation is attached hereto as Annex A. If this proposal to increase the number of shares of common stock authorized for issuance is approved at the Annual Meeting, the Company's number of shares of authorized common stock will be increased to 3,000,000,000 shares upon the filing of the Certificate of Amendment with the Secretary of State of Delaware. As of the Record Date, there 320,715,101 shares of common stock authorized and outstanding and no shares of common stock available for issuance. The following discussion is qualified in its entirety by the full test of the Certificate of Amendment, which is incorporated herein by reference.
Reasons for the Increase
The Board believes that it is desirable to have a sufficient amount of authorized shares of common stock available for possible future financings, acquisition transactions joint ventures and other general corporate purposes. The Board believes that having such authorized shares of common stock available for issuance in the future will give the Company greater flexibility and may allow such shares to be issued without the expense and delay of a special stockholders' meeting unless such approval is expressly required by applicable law or the Company's Bylaws. Although such issuance of additional shares with respect to future financings and acquisitions would dilute existing stockholders, management believes that such transactions would increase the overall value of the Company to its stockholders. There are certain advantages and disadvantages of an increase in authorized common stock. The advantages include:
The disadvantages include:
The Company has no arrangements, agreements, or understandings in place at the present time for the issuance of use of the shares of common stock to be authorized by the proposed Certificate of Amendment. The Board does not intend to issue any common stock or securities convertible into common stock except on terms that the Board deems to be in the best interests of  the Company and its stockholders.
Although an increase in the authorized shares of common stock could, under certain circumstances, have an anti- takeover effect, this proposal to adopt the amendment is not in response to any effort of which the Company is aware to accumulate common stock or obtain control of the Company. Nor is it part of a plan by management to recommend a series of similar amendments to the Board and stockholders.
If the Company's stockholders do not approve the increase in authorized shares of common stock, then the Company will be limited in its ability to use shares of common stock for financing, acquisitions or other general corporate purposes. As of the Record Date, based on the number of authorized shares of common stock set forth in the Company's Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, on file with Secretary of the State of Delaware, the Company had no shares of common stock authorized and unreserved for issuance.
Text of Proposed Certificate of Amendment; Effectiveness
The text of the proposed Certificate of Amendment is set forth in Annex A to this proxy statement. If and when effected by our Board, the Certificate of Amendment will become effective upon its filing with the Secretary of State of Delaware.
Required Vote
The affirmative vote of a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock and Series C2 preferred stock entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting, voting as a single class, is required to approve the Increase of Authorized Common Stock Proposal. Abstentions will have the effect of a vote against the Increase of Authorize Common Stock Proposal. Brokers may use their discretion to vote shares held by them of record for this proposal if they have not been provided with voting instructions from the beneficial owner of the shares of common stock.
Recommendation of the Board
THE BOARD UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS A VOTE "FOR" THE INCREASE OF AUTHORIZED COMMON STOCK  PROPOSAL.
PROPOSAL 5
OPTION PLAN PROPOSAL
Overview of Proposal
In this Proposal, we are requesting that our stockholders approve and adopt the Guided Therapeutics, Inc. 2018 Stock Option Plan (the "Plan") and the material terms thereunder. A total of 2,500,000 shares of common stock will be reserved for issuance under the Plan. Our board of directors approved the Plan on August 7, 2018 (including the performance criteria upon which performance goals may be based), subject to stockholder approval at the Annual Meeting. The Plan is described in more detail below. A copy of the Plan is attached to this proxy statement as Annex B.
Summary of the Proposal
The purpose of the Plan is to enhance our ability to attract, retain and motivate persons who make (or are expected to make) important contributions to our company by providing these individuals with equity ownership opportunities. We believe that the Plan is essential to our success. Equity awards are intended to motivate high levels of performance and align the interests of our directors, employees and consultants with those of our shareholders by giving directors, employees and consultants the perspective of an owner with an equity stake in our company and providing a means of recognizing their contributions to the success of the Company. Our Board and management believe that equity awards are necessary to remain competitive in our industry and are essential to recruiting and retaining the highly qualified employees who help and will help our company meet its goals.
Administration
Our Board or a committee of at least two people as our Board may appoint (the "Committee") will administer the Plan. The Committee will have the authority to determine the terms and conditions of any agreements evidencing any awards granted under the Plan and to adopt, alter and repeal rules, guidelines and practices relating to the Plan. The Committee will have full discretion to administer and interpret the Plan and to adopt such rules, regulations and procedures as it deems necessary or advisable and to determine, among other things, the time or times at which the awards may be exercised and whether and under what circumstances an award may be exercised.
Eligibility
Employees, directors, officers, advisors or consultants of our company or our affiliates are eligible to participate in the Plan. The Committee has the sole and complete authority to determine who will be granted an award under the Plan, however, it may delegate such authority to one or more officers of the Company under the circumstances set forth in the Plan.
Number of Shares Authorized
The Plan provides for an aggregate of 2,500,000 shares of common stock (the "Common Shares") to be available for awards. If an award is forfeited or if any option terminates, expires or lapses without being exercised, the Common Shares subject to such award will again be made available for future grant. Shares that are used to pay the exercise price of an option or that are withheld to satisfy the plan participant's tax withholding obligation will not be available for re-grant under the Plan.
If there is any change in our corporate capitalization, the Committee in its sole discretion may make substitutions or adjustments to the number of shares reserved for issuance under the Plan, the number of shares covered by awards then outstanding under the Plan, the limitations on awards under the Plan, the exercise price of outstanding options and such other equitable substitution or adjustments as it may determine appropriate.
The Plan will have a term of ten years and no further awards may be granted under the Plan after that date.
Awards Available for Grant
The Committee may grant awards of Non-Qualified Stock Options, Incentive (qualified) Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Stock Bonus Awards or any combination of the foregoing; provided, that the Committee may not grant to any one person in any one calendar year Awards (i) for more than 500,000 Common Shares in the aggregate or (ii) payable in cash in an amount to exceed $25,000 in the aggregate.
Options
The Committee will be authorized to grant Options to purchase Common Shares that are either "qualified," meaning they are intended to satisfy the requirements of Code Section 422 for incentive stock options, or "non-qualified," meaning they are not intended to satisfy the requirements of Section 422 of the Code. Options granted under the Plan will be subject to the terms and conditions established by the Committee. Under the terms of the Plan, the exercise price of the Options will not be less than the fair market value (as determined under the Plan) of the common shares at the time of grant or 100% of the fair market value if granted to a 10% stockholder. Options granted under the Plan will be subject to such terms, including the exercise price and the conditions and timing of exercise, as may be determined by the Committee and specified in the applicable award agreement. The maximum term of an option granted under the Plan will be ten years from the date of grant (or five years in the case of a qualified option granted to a 10% stockholder). Payment in respect of the exercise of an option may be made in cash or by check, by surrender of unrestricted shares (at their fair market value on the date of exercise) that have been held by the participant for any period deemed necessary by our accountants to avoid an additional compensation charge or have been purchased on the open market, or the Committee may, in its discretion and to the extent permitted by law, allow such payment to be made through a broker-assisted cashless exercise mechanism, a net exercise method, or by such other method as the Committee may determine to be appropriate.
Stock Appreciation Rights
The Committee will be authorized to award Stock Appreciation Rights (or "SARs") under the Plan. SARs will be subject to the terms and conditions established by the Committee. A SAR is a contractual right that allows a participant to receive, either in the form of cash, shares or any combination of cash and shares, the appreciation, if any, in the value of a share over a certain period of time. An Option granted under the Plan may include SARs and SARs may also be awarded to a participant independent of the grant of an Option. SARs granted in connection with an Option shall be subject to terms similar to the Option corresponding to such SARs. SARs shall be subject to terms established by the Committee and reflected in the award agreement.
Restricted Stock
The Committee will be authorized to award Restricted Stock under the Plan. Unless otherwise provided by the Committee and specified in an award agreement, restrictions on Restricted Stock will lapse after three years of service with the Company. The Committee will determine the terms of such Restricted Stock awards. Restricted Stock are Common Shares that generally are non-transferable and subject to other restrictions determined by the Committee for a specified period. Unless the Committee determines otherwise or specifies otherwise in an award agreement, if the participant terminates employment or services during the restricted period, then any unvested restricted stock is forfeited.
Restricted Stock Unit Awards
The Committee will be authorized to award Restricted Stock Unit awards. Unless otherwise provided by the Committee and specified in an award agreement, Restricted Stock Units will vest after three years of service with the Company. The Committee will determine the terms of such Restricted Stock Units. Unless the Committee determines otherwise or specifies otherwise in an award agreement, if the participant terminates employment or services during the period of time over which all or a portion of the units are to be earned, then any unvested units will be forfeited. At the election of the Committee, the participant will receive a number of Common Shares equal to the number of units earned or an amount in cash equal to the fair market value of that number of shares at the expiration of the period over which the units are to be earned or at a later date selected by the Committee.
Stock Bonus Awards
The Committee will be authorized to grant awards of unrestricted Common Shares or other awards denominated in Common Shares, either alone or in tandem with other awards, under such terms and conditions as the Committee may determine.
Transferability
Each award may be exercised during the participant's lifetime only by the participant or, if permissible under applicable law, by the participant's guardian or legal representative and may not be otherwise transferred or encumbered by a participant other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. The Committee, however, may permit awards (other than incentive stock options) to be transferred to family members, a trust for the benefit of such family members, a partnership or limited liability company whose partners or stockholders are the participant and his or her family members or anyone else approved by it.
Amendment
The Plan will have a term of ten years. Our Board may amend, suspend or terminate the Plan at any time; however, shareholder approval to amend the Plan may be necessary if the law so requires. No amendment, suspension or termination will impair the rights of any participant or recipient of any award without the consent of the participant or recipient.
U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences
The following is a general summary of the material U.S. federal income tax consequences of the grant and exercise and vesting of Awards under the Plan and the disposition of shares acquired pursuant to the exercise of such awards and is intended to reflect the current provisions of the Code and the regulations thereunder. This summary is not intended to be a complete statement of applicable law, nor does it address foreign, state, local and payroll tax considerations. Moreover, the U.S. federal income tax consequences to any particular participant may differ from those described herein by reason of, among other things, the particular circumstances of such participant.
Options
There are a number of requirements that must be met for a particular option to be treated as a qualified option. One such requirement is that Common Shares acquired through the exercise of a qualified option cannot be disposed of before the later of (i) two years from the date of grant of the option, or (ii) one year from the date of exercise. Holders of qualified options will generally incur no federal income tax liability at the time of grant or upon exercise of those options. However, the spread at exercise will be an "item of tax preference," which may give rise to "alternative minimum tax" liability for the taxable year in which the exercise occurs. If the holder does not dispose of the shares before the later of two years following the date of grant and one year following the date of exercise, the difference between the exercise price and the amount realized upon disposition of the shares will constitute long-term capital gain or loss, as the case may be. Assuming both holding periods are satisfied, no deduction will be allowed to the Company for federal income tax purposes in connection with the grant or exercise of the qualified option. If, within two years following the date of grant or within one year following the date of exercise, the holder of shares acquired through the exercise of a qualified option disposes of those shares, the participant will generally realize taxable compensation at the time of such disposition equal to the difference between the exercise price and the lesser of the fair market value of the share on the date of exercise or the amount realized on the subsequent disposition of the shares, and that amount will generally be deductible by the Company for federal income tax purposes, subject to the possible limitations on deductibility under Sections 280G and 162(m) of the Code for compensation paid to executives designated in those Sections. Finally, if an otherwise qualified option becomes first exercisable in any one year for shares having an aggregate value in excess of $100,000 (based on the grant date value), the portion of the qualified option in respect of those excess shares will be treated as a non-qualified stock option for federal income tax purposes.
No income will be realized by a participant upon grant of a non-qualified stock option. Upon the exercise of a non-qualified stock option, the participant will recognize ordinary compensation income in an amount equal to the excess, if any, of the fair market value of the underlying exercised shares over the option exercise price paid at the time of exercise. The Company will be able to deduct this same amount for U.S. federal income tax purposes, but such deduction may be limited under Sections 280G and 162(m) of the Code for compensation paid to certain executives designated in those Sections.
Restricted Stock
A participant will not be subject to tax upon the grant of an award of restricted stock unless the participant otherwise elects to be taxed at the time of grant pursuant to Section 83(b) of the Code. On the date an award of restricted stock becomes transferable or is no longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture, the participant will recognize taxable compensation equal to the difference between the fair market value of the shares on that date over the amount the participant paid for such shares, if any, unless the participant made an election under Section 83(b) of the Code to be taxed at the time of grant. If the participant made an election under Section 83(b), the participant will recognize taxable compensation at the time of grant equal to the difference between the fair market value of the shares on the date of grant over the amount the participant paid for such shares, if any. (Special rules apply to the receipt and disposition of restricted shares received by officers and directors who are subject to Section 16(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act")). The Company will be able to deduct, at the same time as it is recognized by the participant, the amount of taxable compensation to the participant for U.S. federal income tax purposes, but such deduction may be limited under Sections 280G and 162(m) of the Code for compensation paid to certain executives designated in those Sections.
Restricted Stock Units
A participant will not be subject to tax upon the grant of a restricted stock unit award. Rather, upon the delivery of shares or cash pursuant to a restricted stock unit award, the participant will have taxable compensation equal to the fair market value of the number of shares (or the amount of cash) the participant actually receives with respect to the award. The Company will be able to deduct the amount of taxable compensation to the participant for U.S. federal income tax purposes, but the deduction may be limited under Sections 280G and 162(m) of the Code for compensation paid to certain executives designated in those Sections.
SARs
No income will be realized by a participant upon grant of a SAR. Upon the exercise of a SAR, the participant will recognize ordinary compensation income in an amount equal to the fair market value of the payment received in respect of the SAR. The Company will be able to deduct this same amount for U.S. federal income tax purposes, but such deduction may be limited under Sections 280G and 162(m) of the Code for compensation paid to certain executives designated in those Sections.
Stock Bonus Awards
A participant will have taxable compensation equal to the difference between the fair market value of the shares on the date the Common Shares subject to the award are transferred to the participant over the amount the participant paid for such shares, if any. The Company will be able to deduct, at the same time as it is recognized by the participant, the amount of taxable compensation to the participant for U.S. federal income tax purposes, but such deduction may be limited under Sections 280G and 162(m) of the Code for compensation paid to certain executives designated in those Sections.
Section 162(m)
In general, Section 162(m) of the Code denies a publicly held corporation a deduction for U.S. federal income tax purposes for compensation in excess of $1,000,000 per year per person to its principal executive officer, its principal financial officer and the three other officers (other than the principal executive officer and principal financial officer) whose compensation is disclosed in its proxy statement as a result of their total compensation, subject to certain exceptions.
New Plan Benefits
Future grants under the Plan will be made at the discretion of the Committee and, accordingly, are not yet determinable. In addition, the value of the awards granted under the Plan will depend on a number of factors, including the fair market value of the Common Shares on future dates, the exercise decisions made by the participants and/or the extent to which any applicable performance goals necessary for vesting or payment are achieved. Consequently, it is not possible to determine the benefits that might be received by participants receiving discretionary grants under, or having their annual bonus paid pursuant to, the Plan.
Vote Required for Approval
Approval of the Option Plan Proposal requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast at the Annual Meeting by the holders of common stock and the holders of Series C2 preferred stock, voting as a single class.
Recommendation of the Board of Directors
THE BOARD UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS A VOTE "FOR" THE OPTION PLAN PROPOSAL.
DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Our executive officers are elected by and serve at the discretion of our Board. The following table lists information about our directors and executive officers:
Except as set forth below, all of the executive officers have been associated with us in their present or other capacities for more than the past five years. Officers are elected annually by the Board and serve at the discretion of the Board. There are no family relationships among any of our executive officers and directors.
Gene S. Cartwright, Ph.D. joined us in January 2014 as the President, Chief Executive Officer and Acting Chief Financial Officer. He was elected as a director on January 11, 2014. His most recent position was with Omnyx, LLC, a Joint Venture between GE Healthcare and the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center, where, as CEO for over four years he founded and managed the successful development of products for the field of Digital Pathology. Prior to his work with Omnyx, LLC, he was President of Molecular Diagnostics for GE Healthcare. Prior to GE, Dr. Cartwright was Divisional Vice President/General Manager for Abbott Diagnostics' Molecular Diagnostics business. In his 24 year career at Abbott, he also served as Divisional Vice President for U.S. Marketing for five years. He received a Masters of Management degree from Northwestern's Kellogg School of Management and also holds a Ph.D. in chemistry from Stanford University and an AB from Dartmouth College.
Dr. Cartwright brings over 30 years of experience working in the IVD diagnostics industry. He has great experience in the diagnostics market both in the development and introduction of new diagnostics technologies, as well as extensive successful commercial experience with global businesses. With his background and experience, Dr. Cartwright, as President and Chief Executive Officer, as well as Acting Chief Financial Officer, works with and advises the Board as to how we can successfully market and build LuViva international sales.
Mark L. Faupel, Ph.D., rejoined us as Chief Operating Officer and director on December 8, 2016. He previously served on our Board through 2013 and has more than 30 years of experience in developing non-invasive alternatives to surgical biopsies and blood tests, especially in the area of cancer screening and diagnostics. Dr. Faupel was one of our co-founders and also served as our Chief Executive Officer from May 2007 through 2013. Prior thereto was our Chief Technical Officer from April 2001 to May 2007. Dr. Faupel has served as a National Institutes of Health reviewer, is the inventor on 26 U.S. patents and has authored numerous scientific publications and presentations, appearing in such peer-reviewed journals as The Lancet. Dr. Faupel earned his Ph.D. in neuroanatomy and physiology from the University of Georgia. Dr. Faupel is also a shareholder of Shenghuo Medical, LLC. See Item 13, Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence
Rick Fowler, Senior Vice President of Engineering is an accomplished executive with significant experience in the management of businesses that sell, market, produce and develop sophisticated medical devices and instrumentation. Mr. Fowler's 25 plus years of experience includes assembling and managing teams, leading businesses and negotiating contracts, conducting litigation, and developing ISO, CE, FDA QSR, GMP and GCP compliant processes and products. He is adept at providing product life cycle management through effective process definition and communication - from requirements gathering, R&D feasibility, product development, product launch, production startup and support. Mr. Fowler combines outstanding analytical, out-of-the-box, and strategic thinking with strong leadership, technical, and communication skills and he excels in dynamic, demanding environments while remaining pragmatic and focused. He is able to deliver high risk projects on time and under budget as well as enhance operational effectiveness through outstanding cross-functional team leadership (R&D, marketing, product development, operations, quality assurance, sales, service, and finance). In addition, Mr. Fowler is well versed in global medical device regulatory and product compliance requirements.
Richard P. Blumberg was appointed to the Board of Directors on November 10, 2016. Mr. Blumberg has been a long-time investor in the Company. Since 1978, Mr. Blumberg has been a Principal at Webster, Mrak & Blumberg, a medical-legal and class action labor litigation firm. He is also currently the Managing Member of Elysian Medical, LLC, a company with world-wide rights for certain breast cancer detection technology. He served from 2004 to 2007 as Chief Executive Officer of Energy Logics, a wind power company that developed projects in Alberta, Canada and Montana. Mr. Blumberg holds a B.S. in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science from the University of Illinois and received a J. D. from Stanford University. He also brings extensive experience as a venture capitalist specializing in high-tech and life science companies. Mr. Blumberg is also a Managing Member of Shenghuo Medical, LLC. See Item 13, Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence.
John E. Imhoff, M.D. has served as a member of our Board of Directors since April 2006. Dr. Imhoff is an ophthalmic surgeon who specializes in cataract and refractive surgery. He is one of our principal stockholders and invests in many other private and public companies. He has a B.S. in Industrial Engineering from Oklahoma State University, an M.D. from the University of Oklahoma and completed his ophthalmic residency at the Dean A. McGee Eye Institute. He has worked as an ophthalmic surgeon and owner of Southeast Eye Center since 1983.
Dr. Imhoff has experience in clinical trials and in other technical aspects of a medical device company. His background in industrial engineering is especially helpful to us, especially as Dr. Imhoff can combine this knowledge with clinical applications. His experience in the investment community is invaluable to a public company often undertaking capital raising efforts.
Michael C. James has served as a member of our Board of Directors since March 2007 and as Chairman of the Board since October 2013. Mr. James is also the Managing Partner of Kuekenhof Capital Management, LLC, a private investment management company, Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of Inergetics, Inc., a nutraceutical supplements company and also the Chief Financial Officer of Terra Tech Corporation, which is a hydroponic and agricultural company. He also holds the position of Managing Director of Kuekenhof Equity Fund, L.P. and Kuekenhof Partners, L.P. Mr. James currently sits on the Board of Directors of Inergetics; Inc. Mr. James was Chief Executive Officer of Nestor, Inc. from January 2009 to September 2009 and served on their Board of Directors from July 2006 to June 2009. He was employed by Moore Capital Management, Inc., a private investment management company from 1995 to 1999 and held position of Partner. He was employed by Buffalo Partners, L.P., a private investment management company from 1991 to 1994 and held the position of Chief Financial and Administrative Officer. He began his career in 1980 as a staff accountant with Eisner LLP. Mr. James received a B.S. degree in Accounting from Farleigh Dickinson University in 1980.
Mr. James has experience both in the areas of company finance and accounting, which is invaluable to us during financial audits and offerings. Mr. James has extensive experience in the management of both small and large companies and his entrepreneurial background is relevant as we develop as a company.
Code of Ethics
We have adopted a code of ethics that applies to all of our directors, officers and employees. To obtain a copy without charge, contact our Chief Operating Officer, Guided Therapeutics, Inc., 5835 Peachtree Corners East, Suite B, Norcross, Georgia 30092. If we amend our code of ethics, other than a technical, administrative or non-substantive amendment, or we grant any waiver, including any implicit waiver, from a provision of the code that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, we will disclose the nature of the amendment or waiver on our website, www.guidedinc.com, under the "Investor Relations" tab under the tab "About Us." Also, we may elect to disclose the amendment or waiver in a report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Board Qualifications
We believe that the collective skills, experiences and qualifications of our directors provide our Board with the expertise and experience necessary to advance the interests of our stockholders. While we do not have any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met by each of our directors, our Board uses a variety of criteria to evaluate the qualifications and skills necessary for each member of the Board. In addition to the individual attributes of each of our current directors described herein, we believe that our directors should have the highest professional and personal ethics and values, consistent with our longstanding values and standards. They should have broad experience at the policy-making level in business, commitment to enhancing stockholder value and have sufficient time to carry out their duties and to provide insight and practical wisdom based on their past experience.
Board Meetings 
Our Board held 12 meetings in 2017. No director attended fewer than 75% of the meetings of the Board during 2017. We encourage our directors to attend the annual meeting of stockholders. In 2017, all of our directors attended our annual meeting. The Board works with its members and management to identify new Board members, and will consider nominees recommended by stockholders. Any recommendation should be addressed in writing to the Board of Directors, c/o Corporate Secretary, 5835 Peachtree Corners East, Suite B, Norcross, Georgia 30092.
We do not have an audit committee. Our Board selects and engages the independent registered public accounting firm to audit our annual financial statements and pre-approves all allowable audit services and any special assignments given to the accountants. The Board also determines the planned scope of the annual audit, any changes in accounting principles, the effectiveness and efficiency of our internal accounting staff and the independence of our external auditors.
The Board, in consultation with our Chief Executive Officer, sets the compensation for our officers, reviews management organization and development, reviews significant employee benefit programs and establishes and administers executive compensation programs.
The Board, in consultation with our Chief Executive Officer, reviews and recommends individuals to be nominated as directors. Our Board has historically evaluated all candidates based upon, among other factors, a candidate's financial literacy, knowledge of our industry or other background relevant to our needs, status as a stakeholder, independence, and willingness, ability and availability for service. Other than the foregoing, there have been no stated minimum criteria for director nominees, although our Board has considered such other factors as it has deemed to be in the best interests of us and our stockholders. The Board has considered diversity as it has deemed appropriate in this context (without having a formal diversity policy), given current needs and the current needs of the Board to maintain a balance of knowledge, experience and capability. When considering diversity, the Board has considered diversity as one factor, of no greater or lesser importance than other factors and has considered diversity in a broad context of race, gender, age, business experience, skills, international experience, education, other Board experience and other relevant factors.
Board Leadership Structure and Role in Risk Oversight
Dr. Cartwright, our President and Chief Executive Officer, also serves as a director; our Board is led by the Chairman, Mr. James, one of our independent directors. Our Board, as a whole, has responsibility for risk oversight. In addition, our management regularly communicates with the Board to discuss important risks for their review and oversight, including regulatory risk and risks stemming from periodic litigation or other legal matters in which we are involved. Given the small size of the Board, the Board feels that this structure for risk oversight is appropriate (except for those risks that require risk oversight by independent directors only).
The Board is specifically charged with discussing risk management (primarily financial and internal control risk), and receives regular reports from management, independent auditors, internal audit and outside legal counsel on risks related to, among others, our financial controls and reporting. The Board reviews risks related to compensation and makes recommendations to the Board with respect to whether our compensation policies are properly aligned to discourage inappropriate risk-taking, and is regularly advised by management and, as deemed appropriate, outside legal counsel.
Communication with Directors
Any stockholder is welcome to communicate with any director or the Board by writing to a director or the Board as a whole, c/o Corporate Secretary, 5835 Peachtree Corners East, Suite B, Norcross, Georgia 30092.
Compliance with Section 16 (a) of the Exchange Act
Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, requires our directors and executive officers and persons who beneficially own more than 10% of a registered class of our equity securities to file reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These persons are required by regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely on our review of the copies of these forms received by us, we believe that, with respect to fiscal year 2016, our officers and directors were in compliance with all applicable filing requirements.
Executive Compensation
Summary Compensation Table
The following table lists specified compensation we paid or accrued during each of the fiscal years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016 to the Chief Executive Officer and our two other most highly compensated executive officers, collectively referred to as the "named executive officers":
2017 and 2016 Summary Compensation Table
[BEGIN TABLE]
Name and Principal Position Year  Salary ($)  Bonus ($)  Option Awards  ($)  Total ($) 
Name and Principal Position Year  Salary ($)  Bonus ($)  Option Awards  ($)  Total ($) 
 Gene S. Cartwright, Ph.D. President, CEO, Acting CFO and Director (1)  2017 2016  - 104,990  150,000 150,000  - -  - 254,990 
 Gene S. Cartwright, Ph.D. President, CEO, Acting CFO and Director (1)  2017 2016  - 104,990  150,000 150,000  - -  - 254,990 
 Mark L. Faupel, Ph.D. COO and Director(2)  2017 2016  - 132,557  - -  - -  - 132,557 
 Mark L. Faupel, Ph.D. COO and Director(2)  2017 2016  - 132,557  - -  - -  - 132,557 
 Richard Fowler, Senior Vice President of Engineering  2017 2016  107,500 129,995  - -  - -  107,500 129,995 
 Richard Fowler, Senior Vice President of Engineering  2017 2016  107,500 129,995  - -  - -  107,500 129,995 
[END TABLE]
(1) All amounts reported as accrued. Dr. Cartwright has elected to get paid partial salary, due to our cash position.
(2) In 2016, Dr. Faupel was not employed by us, but instead provided consulting services to us on an as-needed basis. On December 8, 2016, the Board appointed Dr. Faupel as our new COO and director.
For 2017, Dr. Cartwright did not receive salary compensation. While in 2016, Dr. Cartwright agreed to reduce his base salary compensation to $75,000 from $300,000. The Board-granted performance bonus remained the same at $150,000 for both years, and he received usual customary company benefits. During 2015, he also received 20,000 performance-based restricted shares of common stock, which will vest as follows: (1) seven shares will vest if the stock price closes at or above $1,200 for 30 consecutive trading days, and an additional seven will vest on the first anniversary of such vesting date, in each case subject to continuous employment through the applicable vesting date; and (2) seven shares will vest if the stock price closes at or above $200,000 for 30 consecutive trading days, and an additional seven will vest on the first anniversary of such vesting date, in each case subject to continuous employment through the applicable vesting date. As of December 31, 2017, Dr. Cartwright's deferred salary plus interest was $383,039 and his deferred bonus was $600,000.
Dr. Faupel's 2017 and 2016 compensation consisted of a base salary of zero and $132,577, respectively, plus usual and customary company benefits. He received no bonus in the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016. In 2015, he received options to purchase 1,900 shares of common stock, which vest over 48 months. As of December 31, 2017, Dr. Faupel's remaining deferred salary plus interest and bonus was $178,035. He also holds a promissory note of $346,960 for past un-paid salary.
For 2017, Mr. Fowler accrued base salary of $88,894. On March 2016, Mr. Fowler began working half-time and agreed to reduce his base salary compensation to $107,500 from $243,000 in 2015. For both years he received the usual and customary company benefits. He received no bonus in the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016. In 2015, he received options to purchase 1,930 shares of common stock, which vest over 48 months. As of December 31, 2017, Mr. Fowler's total deferred salary plus interest was approximately $429,053.
Outstanding Equity Awards
Outstanding Equity Awards to Officers at December 31, 2017
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Name and Principal Position  Number of Securities  Underlying Options Exercisable (#)(1)  Number of Securities Underlying Options Un-exercisable (#)  Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number          of Securities Under- lying Unexercised Unearned Options (#)  Option  Exercise Price ($)(2)  Option Expiration Date 
 Name and Principal Position  Number of Securities  Underlying Options Exercisable (#)(1)  Number of Securities Underlying Options Un-exercisable (#)  Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number          of Securities Under- lying Unexercised Unearned Options (#)  Option  Exercise Price ($)(2)  Option Expiration Date 
 Name and Principal Position  Number of Securities  Underlying Options Exercisable (#)(1)  Number of Securities Underlying Options Un-exercisable (#)  Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number          of Securities Under- lying Unexercised Unearned Options (#)  Option  Exercise Price ($)(2)  Option Expiration Date 
 Name and Principal Position  Number of Securities  Underlying Options Exercisable (#)(1)  Number of Securities Underlying Options Un-exercisable (#)  Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number          of Securities Under- lying Unexercised Unearned Options (#)  Option  Exercise Price ($)(2)  Option Expiration Date 
 Richard Fowler Senior Vice President of Engineering 11 - 3 47,200.00 12/31/2024 
[END TABLE]
(1) Represents fully vested options.
(2) Based on all outstanding options.
Outstanding Equity Awards to Directors at December 31, 2017 
[BEGIN TABLE]
Name and Principal Position  Option Awards (#)  Exercise Price ($) 
Name and Principal Position  Option Awards (#)  Exercise Price ($) 
[END TABLE]
Director Compensation
For the fiscal years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, none of our directors received any form of compensation.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
Our Board recognizes that related person transactions present a heightened risk of conflicts of interest. The Board has the authority to review and approve all related party transactions involving our directors or executive officers.
Under the policy, when management becomes aware of a related person transaction, management reports the transaction to the Board and requests approval or ratification of the transaction. Generally, the Board will approve only related party transactions that are on terms comparable to those that could be obtained in arm's length dealings with an unrelated third person.
John E. Imhoff is one of our directors. In June 2015, Dr. Imhoff agreed to exchange certain of his warrants, originally issued in December 2014 and exercisable for 1 share of our common stock, for two new warrants that, unlike the original warrant, do not contain any price or share reset provisions. Each new warrant is exercisable for the same number of shares of our common stock as the original warrant, at any time until December 2, 2020. The exercise price of the first new warrant is $72 per share and the second new warrant is $88 per share but, aside from the exercise price, the new warrants are identical in terms to each other. As additional consideration, we issued Dr. Imhoff an additional 1 share of common stock. Dr. Imhoff participated on terms equal to those of other holders of the December 2014 warrants. As a result of these transactions, Dr. Imhoff's beneficial ownership of our common stock increased from approximately 11.7% immediately prior to the exchange, to approximately 11.8% immediately afterward.
In September 2015, Dr. Imhoff participated in our Series C preferred stock issuance by exchanging all of his shares of Series B preferred stock and investing $300,000 in cash, for a total of 1,067 shares of Series C preferred stock and warrants to purchase 211 shares of common stock. Dr. Imhoff participated on terms equal to those of other Series C investors. As a result of these transactions, Dr. Imhoff's beneficial ownership of our common stock increased from approximately 14% immediately prior to his first acquisition of shares of Series C preferred stock, to 25% immediately afterward.
On March 11, 2016, Dr. Imhoff received 24 shares of common stock as a dividend on his Series B preferred stock (previously accrued but unpaid), in accordance with the terms of the Series B preferred stock.
In April 2016, Dr. Imhoff exchanged his shares of Series C preferred stock for a total of 2,400.75 shares of Series C1 preferred stock and 12,804 shares of common stock. Dr. Imhoff participated on terms equal to those of other Series C1 investors. As a result of this transaction, Dr. Imhoff's beneficial ownership of our common stock increased from approximately 25% immediately prior to the transaction, to 77% immediately afterward.
In June 2016, Dr. Imhoff agreed to exchange certain of his warrants, exercisable for 4,560 shares of our common stock and subject to certain anti-dilution provisions, in exchange for new warrants, exercisable for 9,120 shares of our common stock, but without those anti-dilution provisions. Dr. Imhoff will be required to surrender his old warrants upon consummation of our next financing resulting in net cash proceeds to us of at least $1 million. The new warrants will have an initial exercise price equal to the exercise price of the surrendered warrants as of immediately prior to consummation of the financing, subject to customary "downside price protection" for as long as our common stock is not listed on a national securities exchange, and will expire five years from the date of issuance.
On September 6, 2016, we entered into a royalty agreement with Dr. Imhoff and another party. Pursuant to the royalty agreement, in exchange for a payment of $50,000 by Dr. Imhoff and the other party, we granted them a royalty on future sales of our single-use cervical guides. The royalty rate was initially $0.10 per disposable, until October 2, 2016, at which point the royalty rate increased to $0.20 per disposable. Any royalty payments will be split evenly between Dr. Imhoff and the other party.
Lynne Imhoff (no relation) currently beneficially owns in excess of 10% of our outstanding common stock. In September 2015, Ms. Imhoff participated in our Series C preferred stock issuance by exchanging all of her shares of Series B preferred stock and investing $125,000 in cash, for a total of 300 shares of Series C preferred stock and warrants to purchase 592 shares of common stock. Ms. Imhoff participated on terms equal to those of other Series C investors. As a result of these transactions, Ms. Imhoff's beneficial ownership of our common stock increased from approximately 2% immediately prior to her first acquisition of shares of Series C preferred stock, to 4% immediately afterward.
In April 2016, Ms. Imhoff exchanged her shares of Series C preferred stock for a total of 675 shares of Series C1 preferred stock and 3,600 shares of common stock. Ms. Imhoff participated on terms equal to those of other Series C1 investors. As a result of this transaction, Ms. Imhoff's beneficial ownership of our common stock increased from approximately 4% immediately prior to the transaction, to 45% immediately afterward.
In June 2016, Ms. Imhoff agreed to exchange certain of her warrants, exercisable for 912 shares of our common stock and subject to certain anti-dilution provisions, in exchange for new warrants, exercisable for 1,824 shares of our common stock, but without those anti-dilution provisions. Ms. Imhoff will be required to surrender her old warrants upon consummation of our next financing resulting in net cash proceeds to us of at least $1 million. The new warrants will have an initial exercise price equal to the exercise price of the surrendered warrants as of immediately prior to consummation of the financing, subject to customary "downside price protection" for as long as our common stock is not listed on a national securities exchange, and will expire five years from the date of issuance.
Mark L. Faupel is one of our directors and our Chief Operating Officer, and Richard Blumberg is another one of our directors. Dr. Faupel is a shareholder of Shenghuo, and Mr. Blumberg, is a managing member of Shenghuo. We entered into a license agreement with Shenghuo pursuant to which we granted Shenghuo an exclusive license to manufacture, sell and distribute our LuViva Advanced Cervical Cancer device and related disposables in Taiwan, Brunei Darussalam, Cambodia, Laos, Myanmar, Philippines, Singapore, Thailand, and Vietnam. Shenghuo has been our exclusive distributor in China, Macau and Hong Kong, and the license extends to manufacturing in those countries as well. Pursuant to the license agreement, Shenghuo had the option to have a designee appointed to our Board. As partial consideration for, and as a condition to, the license, and to further align the strategic interests of the parties, we agreed to issue a convertible note to Shenghuo, in exchange for an aggregate cash investment of $200,000. The note will provide for a payment to Shenghuo of $300,000, expected to be due the earlier of 90 days from issuance and consummation of any capital raising transaction by us with net cash proceeds of at least $1.0 million. The note will accrue interest at 20% per year on any unpaid amounts due after that date. The note will be convertible into shares of our common stock at a conversion price per share of $13.92, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustment. The note will be unsecured, and is expected to provide for customary events of default. We will also issue Shenghuo a five-year warrant exercisable immediately for 17,239 shares of common stock at an exercise price equal to the conversion price of the note, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustment.
In September 2015, Dr. Faupel participated in our Series C preferred stock issuance by investing $100,000 in cash, for a total of 133 shares of Series C preferred stock and warrants to purchase 46 shares of common stock. Dr. Faupel participated on terms equal to those of other Series C investors. In April 2016, Dr. Faupel exchanged his shares of Series C preferred stock for a total of 300 shares of Series C1 preferred stock and 1,600 shares of common stock. Dr. Faupel participated on terms equal to those of other Series C1 investors.
OTHER INFORMATION
The following table lists information regarding the beneficial ownership of our equity securities as of August 30, 2018 by (1) each person whom we know to beneficially own more than 5% of the outstanding shares of our common stock, (2) each director, (3) each officer named in the summary compensation table below, and (4) all directors and executive officers as a group. Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each officer and director is 5835 Peachtree Corners East, Suite B, Norcross, Georgia 30092.
[BEGIN TABLE]
   Common          Stock (2)  Series          C Preferred Stock (3)  Series          C1 Preferred Stock (4)  Series          C2  Preferred Stock (5) 
   Common          Stock (2)  Series          C Preferred Stock (3)  Series          C1 Preferred Stock (4)  Series          C2  Preferred Stock (5) 
 Name          and Address of Beneficial Owner (1)  Number          of Shares  Percentage  Number          of Shares  Percentage  Number          of Shares  Percentage  Number          of Shares  Percentage 
All directors and executive officers as a group (4 persons) (12)    1,031,718,275    76.29%    -    -    -    -    2,700.75    82.77% 
All directors and executive officers as a group (4 persons) (12)    1,031,718,275    76.29%    -    -    -    -    2,700.75    82.77% 
[END TABLE]
Deadline for Submission of Stockholder Proposals for 2019 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
For any proposal to be considered for inclusion in our proxy statement and form of proxy for submission to the stockholders at our 2019 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, it must be submitted in writing and comply with the requirements of Rule 14a-8 of the Securities Exchange Act. Such proposals must be received by the Company at its offices at 5835 Peachtree Corners East, Suite B, Norcross, Georgia 30092 no later than [ ], 2019.
Stockholders may present proposals intended for inclusion in our proxy statement for our 2019 Annual Meeting of Stockholders provided that such proposals are received by the Secretary of the Company in accordance with the time schedules set forth herein, and otherwise in compliance with, applicable SEC regulations, and the Company's Bylaws, as applicable. Proposals submitted not in accordance with such regulations will be deemed untimely or otherwise deficient; however, the Company will have discretionary authority to include such proposals in the 2019 proxy statement.
Stockholder Communications
Stockholders wishing to communicate with the Board may direct such communications to the Board c/o the Company, Attn: Gene S. Cartwright. Mr. Cartwright will present a summary of all stockholder communications to the Board at subsequent Board meetings. The directors will have the opportunity to review the actual communications at their discretion.
Additional Information
We are subject to certain informational requirements of the Exchange Act and in accordance therewith files reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. Such reports, proxy statements and other information are available on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. Stockholders who have questions in regard to any aspect of the matters discussed in this proxy statement should contact Mark L. Faupel, Chief Operating Officer of the Company, at 5835 Peachtree Corners East, Suite B, Norcross, Georgia 30092.
ANNEX A
CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT TO THE
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
OF GUIDED THERAPEUTICS, INC.
The undersigned, for the purposes of amending the Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (the "Certificate of Incorporation") of Guided Therapeutics, Inc. (the "Corporation"), a corporation organized and existing under and by virtue of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, does hereby certify that:
FIRST: That at a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Corporation, resolutions were duly adopted setting forth a proposed amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation, declaring said amendments to be advisable and calling a meeting of the stockholders of the Corporations for consideration thereof. The resolutions setting forth the proposed amendments is as follows:
RESOLVED, that the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation be amended by changing the first paragraph of the Article thereof numbered "Article IV," as follows
"The Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of shares of stock to be designated, respectively, Common Stock, $0.001 par value, and Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value. The total number of shares that the Corporation is authorized to issue is 3,005,000,000 shares. The number of shares of Common Stock authorized is 3,000,000,000. The number of shares of Preferred Stock authorized is 5,000,000."  
RESOLVED, that the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation be amended by replacing the second paragraph of the Article thereof numbered "Article IV" with the following:
Upon the effectiveness of the amendment to the certificate of incorporation containing this sentence (the "Split Effective Time") each share of the Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the date and time of the filing hereof with the Secretary of State of Delaware shall be automatically changed and reclassified into a smaller number of shares such that each [ ] shares of issued Common Stock is reclassified into one share of Common Stock. Notwithstanding the immediately preceding sentence, there shall be no fractional shares issued and, in lieu thereof, a holder of Common Stock on the Split Effective Time who would otherwise be entitled to a fraction of a share as a result of the reclassification, following the Split Effective Time, shall receive a full share of Common Stock upon the surrender of such stockholders' old stock certificate. No stockholders will receive cash in lieu of fractional shares.
SECOND: The holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding voting stock of the Corporation have voted in favor of said amendment at a duly convened meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation.
THIRD: The aforesaid amendment was duly adopted in accordance with the applicable provisions of Section 242 of the DGCL.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused this Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation to be duly executed by the undersigned this day of ________, 2018.
ANNEX B
GUIDED THERAPEUTICS, INC.2018 STOCK OPTION PLAN
1.               Purpose. The purpose of the Guided Therapeutics, Inc. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan is to provide a means through which the Company and its Affiliates may attract and retain key personnel and to provide a means whereby directors, officers, managers, employees, consultants and advisors of the Company and its Affiliates can acquire and maintain an equity interest in the Company, or be paid incentive compensation, which may (but need not) be measured by reference to the value of Common Shares, thereby strengthening their commitment to the welfare of the Company and its Affiliates and aligning their interests with those of the Company's stockholders.
2.               Definitions. The following definitions shall be applicable throughout this Plan:
(a)             "Affiliate" means (i) any person or entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by or is under common control with the Company and/or (ii) to the extent provided by the Committee, any person or entity in which the Company has a significant interest as determined by the Committee in its discretion. The term "control" (including, with correlative meaning, the terms "controlled by" and "under common control with"), as applied to any person or entity, means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such person or entity, whether through the ownership of voting or other securities, by contract or otherwise.
(b)            "Award" means, individually or collectively, any Incentive Stock Option, Nonqualified Stock Option, Stock Appreciation Right, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Unit, or Stock Bonus Award granted under this Plan.
(c)             "Award Agreement" means an agreement made and delivered in accordance with Section 15(a) of this Plan evidencing the grant of an Award hereunder.
(d)            "Board" means the Board of Directors of the Company.
(e)             "Business Day" means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banking institutions in New York City are authorized or obligated by federal law or executive order to be closed.
(f)             "Cause" means, in the case of a particular Award, unless the applicable Award Agreement states otherwise, (i) the Company or an Affiliate having "cause" to terminate a Participant's employment or service, as defined in any employment or consulting agreement or similar document or policy between the Participant and the Company or an Affiliate in effect at the time of such termination or (ii) in the absence of any such employment or consulting agreement, document or policy (or the absence of any definition of "Cause" contained therein), (A) a continuing material breach or material default (including, without limitation, any material dereliction of duty) by Participant of any agreement between the Participant and the Company, except for any such breach or default which is caused by the physical disability of the Participant (as determined by a neutral physician), or a continuing failure by the Participant to follow the direction of a duly authorized representative of the Company; (B) gross negligence, willful misfeasance or breach of fiduciary duty to the Company or Affiliate of the Company by the Participant; (C) the commission by the Participant of an act of fraud, embezzlement or any felony or other crime of dishonesty in connection with the Participant's duties to the Company or Affiliate of the Company; or (D) conviction of the Participant of a felony or any other crime that would materially and adversely affect: (i) the business reputation of the Company or Affiliate of the Company or (ii) the performance of the Participant's duties to the Company or an Affiliate of the Company. Any determination of whether Cause exists shall be made by the Committee in its sole discretion.
(g)            "Change in Control" shall, in the case of a particular Award, unless the applicable Award Agreement states otherwise or contains a different definition of "Change in Control," be deemed to occur upon:
(i)	A tender offer (or series of related offers) shall be made and consummated for the ownership of 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the Company, unless as a result of such tender offer more than 50% of the outstanding voting securities of the surviving or resulting corporation or entity shall be owned in the aggregate by (A) the shareholders of the Company (as of the time immediately prior to the commencement of such offer), or (B) any employee benefit plan of the Company or its Subsidiaries, and their Affiliates;
(ii)	The Company shall be merged or consolidated with another corporation, unless as a result of such merger or consolidation more than 50% of the outstanding voting securities of the surviving or resulting corporation or entity shall be owned in the aggregate by (A) the shareholders of the Company (as of the time immediately prior to such transaction); provided, that a merger or consolidation of the Company with another company which is controlled by persons owning more than 50% of the outstanding voting securities of the Company shall constitute a Change in Control unless the Committee, in its discretion, determine otherwise, or (B) any employee benefit plan of the Company or its Subsidiaries, and their Affiliates;
(iii)	The Company shall sell substantially all of its assets to another entity that is not wholly owned by the Company, unless as a result of such sale more than 50% of such assets shall be owned in the aggregate by (A) the shareholders of the Company (as of the time immediately prior to such transaction), or (B) any employee benefit plan of the Company or its Subsidiaries, and their Affiliates;
(iv)	A Person (as defined below) shall acquire 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the Company (whether directly, indirectly, beneficially or of record), unless as a result of such acquisition more than 50% of the outstanding voting securities of the surviving or resulting corporation or entity shall be owned in the aggregate by (A) the shareholders of the Company (as of the time immediately prior to the first acquisition of such securities by such Person), or (B) any employee benefit plan of the Company or its Subsidiaries, and their Affiliates; or
(v)	The individuals who, as of the date hereof, constitute the members of the Board (the "Current Board Members") cease, by reason of a financing, merger, combination, acquisition, takeover or other non-ordinary course transaction affecting the Company, to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board unless such change is approved by the Current Board Members.
For purposes of this Section 2(g), ownership of voting securities shall take into account and shall include ownership as determined by applying the provisions of Rule 13d-3(d)(I)(i) (as in effect on the date hereof) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). In addition, for such purposes, "Person" shall have the meaning given in Section 3(a)(9) of the Exchange Act, as modified and used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) thereof; however, a Person shall not include (A) the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; (B) a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; (C) an underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to an offering of such securities; or (D) a corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportion as their ownership of stock of the Company.
(h)            "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and any successor thereto. References in this Plan to any section of the Code shall be deemed to include any regulations or other interpretative guidance issued by any governmental authority under such section, and any amendments or successor provisions to such section, regulations or guidance.
(i)              "Committee" means a committee of at least two people as the Board may appoint to administer this Plan or, if no such committee has been appointed by the Board, the Board. Unless altered by an action of the Board, the Committee shall be the Compensation Committee of the Board.
(j)              "Common Shares" means the common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the Company (and any stock or other securities into which such common shares may be converted or into which they may be exchanged.
(k)            "Company" means Guided Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation, together with its successors and assigns.
(l)              "Current Board Members" has the meaning given such term in the definition of "Change in Control."
(m)          "Date of Grant" means the date on which the granting of an Award is authorized, or such other date as may be specified in such authorization.
(n)            "Disability" means a "permanent and total" disability incurred by a Participant while in the employ or service of the Company or an Affiliate. For this purpose, a permanent and total disability shall mean that the Participant is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months. The determination of whether a Participant has incurred a permanent and total disability shall be made by a physician designated by the Committee, whose determination shall be final and binding.
(o)            "Effective Date" means the date as of which this Plan is adopted by the Board, subject to Section 3 of this Plan.
(p)            "Eligible Director" means a person who is a "non-employee director" within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act.
(q)            "Eligible Person" means any (i) individual employed by the Company or an Affiliate; provided, however, that no such employee covered by a collective bargaining agreement shall be an Eligible Person unless and to the extent that such eligibility is set forth in such collective bargaining agreement or in an agreement or instrument relating thereto; (ii) director of the Company or an Affiliate; or (iii) consultant or advisor to the Company or an Affiliate, provided that if the Securities Act applies such persons must be eligible to be offered securities registrable on Form S-8 under the Securities Act.
(r)             "Exchange Act" has the meaning given such term in the definition of "Change in Control," and any reference in this Plan to any section of (or rule promulgated under) the Exchange Act shall be deemed to include any rules, regulations or other interpretative guidance issued by any governmental authority under such section or rule, and any amendments or successor provisions to such section, rules, regulations or guidance.
(s)             "Exercise Price" has the meaning given such term in Section 7(b) of this Plan.
(t)              "Fair Market Value", unless otherwise provided by the Committee in accordance with all applicable laws, rules regulations and standards, means, on a given date, (i) if the Common Shares are listed on a national securities exchange, the closing sales price on the principal exchange of the Common Shares on such date or, in the absence of reported sales on such date, the closing sales price on the immediately preceding date on which sales were reported, or (ii) if the Common Shares are not listed on a national securities exchange, the mean between the bid and offered prices as quoted by any nationally recognized interdealer quotation system for such date, provided that if the Common Shares are not quoted on an interdealer quotation system or it is determined that the fair market value is not properly reflected by such quotations, Fair Market Value will be determined by such other method as the Committee determines in good faith to be reasonable and in compliance with Code Section 409A, if applicable.
(u)            "Immediate Family Members" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 14(b) of this Plan.
(v)            "Incentive Stock Option" means an Option that is designated by the Committee as an incentive stock option as described in Section 422 of the Code and otherwise meets the requirements set forth in this Plan.
(w)           "Indemnifiable Person" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(e) of this Plan.
(x)            "Nonqualified Stock Option" means an Option that is not designated by the Committee as an Incentive Stock Option.
(y)            "Option" means an Award granted under Section 7 of this Plan.
(z)             "Option Period" has the meaning given such term in Section 7(c) of this Plan.
(aa)          "Participant" means an Eligible Person who has been selected by the Committee to participate in this Plan and to receive an Award pursuant to Section 6 of this Plan.
(bb)         "Performance Criteria" means any of the following factors: (i) revenue; (ii) sales; (iii) profit (net profit, gross profit, operating profit, economic profit, profit margins or other corporate profit measures); (iv) earnings (EBIT, EBITDA, earnings per share, or other corporate earnings measures); (v) net income (before or after taxes, operating income or other income measures); (vi) cash (cash flow, cash generation or other cash measures); (vii) stock price or performance; (viii) total stockholder return (stock price appreciation plus reinvested dividends divided by beginning share price); (ix) economic value added; (x) return measures (including, but not limited to, return on assets, capital, equity, investments or sales, and cash flow return on assets, capital, equity, or sales); (xi) market share; (xii) improvements in capital structure; (xiii) expenses (expense management, expense ratio, expense efficiency ratios or other expense measures); (xiv) business expansion or consolidation (acquisitions and divestitures); (xv) internal rate of return or increase in net present value; (xvi) working capital targets relating to inventory and/or accounts receivable; (xvii) inventory management; (xviii) service or product delivery or quality; (xix) customer satisfaction; (xx) employee retention; (xxi) safety standards; (xxii) productivity measures; (xxiii) cost reduction measures; and/or (xxiv) strategic plan development and implementation.
(cc)          "Permitted Transferee" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 14(b) of this Plan.
(dd)         "Person" has the meaning given such term in the definition of "Change in Control."
(ee)          "Plan" means this Guided Therapeutics, Inc., 2018 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time.
(ff)           "Restricted Period" means the period of time determined by the Committee during which an Award is subject to restrictions or, as applicable, the period of time within which performance is measured for purposes of determining whether an Award has been earned.
(gg)         "Restricted Stock Unit" means an unfunded and unsecured promise to deliver Common Shares, cash, other securities or other property, subject to certain restrictions (including, without limitation, a requirement that the Participant remain continuously employed or provide continuous services for a specified period of time), granted under Section 9 of this Plan.
(hh)         "Restricted Stock" means Common Shares, subject to certain specified restrictions (including, without limitation, a requirement that the Participant remain continuously employed or provide continuous services for a specified period of time), granted under Section 9 of this Plan.
(ii)            "SAR Period" has the meaning given such term in Section 8(c) of this Plan.
(jj)            "Securities Act" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and any successor thereto. Reference in this Plan to any section of the Securities Act shall be deemed to include any rules, regulations or other official interpretative guidance issued by any governmental authority under such section, and any amendments or successor provisions to such section, rules, regulations or guidance.
(kk)         "Stock Appreciation Right" or "SAR" means an Award granted under Section 8 of this Plan which meets all of the requirements of Section 1.409A-1(b)(5)(i)(B) of the Treasury Regulations.
(ll)            "Stock Bonus Award" means an Award granted under Section 10 of this Plan.
(mm)     "Strike Price" means, except as otherwise provided by the Committee in the case of Substitute Awards, (i) in the case of a SAR granted in tandem with an Option, the Exercise Price of the related Option, or (ii) in the case of a SAR granted independent of an Option, the Fair Market Value of Common Shares on the Date of Grant.
(nn)         "Subsidiary" means, with respect to any specified Person:
(i)              any corporation, association or other business entity of which more than 50% of the total voting power of shares of voting securities (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency and after giving effect to any voting agreement or stockholders' agreement that effectively transfers voting power) is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by that Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person (or a combination thereof); and
(ii)            any partnership or limited liability company (or any comparable foreign entity) (a) the sole general partner or managing member (or functional equivalent thereof) or the managing general partner of which is such Person or Subsidiary of such Person or (b) the only general partners or managing members (or functional equivalents thereof) of which are that Person or one or more Subsidiaries of that Person (or any combination thereof).
(oo)         "Substitute Award" has the meaning given such term in Section 5(e).
(pp)         "Treasury Regulations" means any regulations, whether proposed, temporary or final, promulgated by the U.S. Department of Treasury under the Code, and any successor provisions.
3.               Effective Date; Duration. The Plan shall be effective upon its approval by the stockholders of the Company, which date shall be within twelve (12) months before or after the date of the Plan's adoption by the Board. The expiration date of this Plan, on and after which date no Awards may be granted hereunder, shall be the tenth anniversary of the date on which the Plan was approved by the stockholders of the Company; provided, however, that such expiration shall not affect Awards then outstanding, and the terms and conditions of this Plan shall continue to apply to such Awards.
4.               Administration.
(a)             The Committee shall administer this Plan. To the extent required to comply with the provisions of Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act (if the Board is not acting as the Committee under this Plan), it is intended that each member of the Committee shall, at the time he takes any action with respect to an Award under this Plan, be an Eligible Director. However, the fact that a Committee member shall fail to qualify as an Eligible Director shall not invalidate any Award granted by the Committee that is otherwise validly granted under this Plan. The acts of a majority of the members present at any meeting at which a quorum is present or acts approved in writing by a majority of the Committee shall be deemed the acts of the Committee. Whether a quorum is present shall be determined based on the Committee's charter as approved by the Board.
(b)            Subject to the provisions of this Plan and applicable law, the Committee shall have the sole and plenary authority, in addition to other express powers and authorizations conferred on the Committee by this Plan and its charter, to: (i) designate Participants; (ii) determine the type or types of Awards to be granted to a Participant; (iii) determine the number of Common Shares to be covered by, or with respect to which payments, rights, or other matters are to be calculated in connection with, Awards; (iv) determine the terms and conditions of any Award, including, without limitation, vesting terms and conditions for any Award hereunder which may include the achievement of any Performance Criteria selected by the Committee; (v) determine whether, to what extent, and under what circumstances Awards may be settled or exercised in cash, Common Shares, other securities, other Awards or other property, or canceled, forfeited, or suspended, and the method or methods by which Awards may be settled, exercised, canceled, forfeited, or suspended; (vi) determine whether, to what extent, and under what circumstances the delivery of cash, Common Shares, other securities, other Awards or other property and other amounts payable with respect to an Award shall be made; (vii) interpret, administer, reconcile any inconsistency in, settle any controversy regarding, correct any defect in and/or complete any omission in this Plan and any instrument or agreement relating to, or Award granted under, this Plan; (viii) establish, amend, suspend, or waive any rules and regulations and appoint such agents as the Committee shall deem appropriate for the proper administration of this Plan; (ix) accelerate the vesting or exercisability of, payment for or lapse of restrictions on, Awards; (x) reprice existing Awards or to grant Awards in connection with or in consideration of the cancellation of an outstanding Award with a higher price; and (xi) make any other determination and take any other action that the Committee deems necessary or desirable for the administration of this Plan.
(c)             The Committee may, by resolution, expressly delegate to a special committee, consisting of one or more directors who may but need not be officers of the Company, the authority, within specified parameters as to the number and types of Awards, to (i) designate officers and/or employees of the Company or any of its Affiliates to be recipients of Awards under this Plan, and (ii) to determine the number of such Awards to be received by any such Participants; provided, however, that such delegation of duties and responsibilities may not be made with respect to grants of Awards to persons subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act. The acts of such delegates shall be treated as acts of the Committee, and such delegates shall report regularly to the Board and the Committee regarding the delegated duties and responsibilities and any Awards granted.
(d)            Unless otherwise expressly provided in this Plan, all designations, determinations, interpretations, and other decisions under or with respect to this Plan or any Award or any documents evidencing Awards granted pursuant to this Plan shall be within the sole discretion of the Committee, may be made at any time and shall be final, conclusive and binding upon all persons or entities, including, without limitation, the Company, any Affiliate, any Participant, any holder or beneficiary of any Award, and any stockholder of the Company.
(e)             No member of the Board, the Committee, delegate of the Committee or any employee, advisor or agent of the Company or the Board or the Committee (each such person, an "Indemnifiable Person") shall be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken or any determination made in good faith with respect to this Plan or any Award hereunder. Each Indemnifiable Person shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Company against and from (and the Company shall pay or reimburse on demand for) any loss, cost, liability, or expense (including court costs and attorneys' fees) that may be imposed upon or incurred by such Indemnifiable Person in connection with or resulting from any action, suit or proceeding to which such Indemnifiable Person may be a party or in which such Indemnifiable Person may be involved by reason of any action taken or omitted to be taken under this Plan or any Award Agreement and against and from any and all amounts paid by such Indemnifiable Person with the Company's approval, in settlement thereof, or paid by such Indemnifiable Person in satisfaction of any judgment in any such action, suit or proceeding against such Indemnifiable Person, provided, that the Company shall have the right, at its own expense, to assume and defend any such action, suit or proceeding and once the Company gives notice of its intent to assume the defense, the Company shall have sole control over such defense with counsel of the Company's choice. The foregoing right of indemnification shall not be available to an Indemnifiable Person to the extent that a final judgment or other final adjudication (in either case not subject to further appeal) binding upon such Indemnifiable Person determines that the acts or omissions of such Indemnifiable Person giving rise to the indemnification claim resulted from such Indemnifiable Person's bad faith, fraud or willful criminal act or omission or that such right of indemnification is otherwise prohibited by law or by the Company's Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws. The foregoing right of indemnification shall not be exclusive of any other rights of indemnification to which any such Indemnifiable Person may be entitled under the Company's Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws, as a matter of law, or otherwise, or any other power that the Company may have to indemnify such Indemnifiable Persons or hold them harmless.
(f)             Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Plan, the Board may, in its sole discretion, at any time and from time to time, grant Awards and administer this Plan with respect to such Awards. In any such case, the Board shall have all the authority granted to the Committee under this Plan.
5.               Grant of Awards; Shares Subject to this Plan; Limitations.
(a)             The Committee may, from time to time, grant Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, and/or Stock Bonus Awards to one or more Eligible Persons. Subject to Section 12 of this Plan, the Committee is authorized to deliver under this Plan an aggregate of 2,500,000 Common Shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, directors of the Company or an Affiliate who are not employees of the Company or an Affiliate may not be granted Awards denominated in Common Shares that exceed in the aggregate 500,000 Common Shares; provided, that the foregoing limitation shall not apply to any Award made pursuant to an election by a director to receive an Award in lieu of all or a portion of the annual and/or committee retainers and annual meeting fee payable to such director.
(b)            Common Shares underlying Awards under this Plan that are forfeited, cancelled, expire unexercised, or are settled in cash shall be available again for Awards under this Plan at the same ratio at which they were previously granted. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the following Common Shares shall not be available again for Awards under the Plan: (i) shares tendered or held back upon the exercise of an Option or settlement of an Award to cover the Exercise Price of an Award; (ii) shares that are used or withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations of the Participant; and (iii) shares subject to a Stock Appreciation Right that are not issued in connection with the stock settlement of the SAR upon exercise thereof.
(c)             Awards that do not entitle the holder thereof to receive or purchase Common Shares shall not be counted against the aggregate number of Common Shares available for Awards under the Plan.
(d)            Common Shares delivered by the Company in settlement of Awards may be authorized and unissued shares, shares held in the treasury of the Company, shares purchased on the open market or by private purchase, or any combination of the foregoing.
(e)             Subject to compliance with Section 1.409A-3(f) of the Treasury Regulations, Awards may, in the sole discretion of the Committee, be granted under this Plan in assumption of, or in substitution for, outstanding awards previously granted by an entity acquired by the Company or with which the Company combines ("Substitute Awards"). The number of Common Shares underlying any Substitute Awards shall be counted against the aggregate number of Common Shares available for Awards under this Plan; provided, however that Common Shares issued under Substitute Awards granted in substitution for awards previously granted by an entity that is acquired by or merged with the Company or an Affiliate shall not be counted against the aggregate number of Common Shares available for Awards under the Plan.
6.               Eligibility. Participation shall be limited to Eligible Persons who have entered into an Award Agreement or who have received written notification from the Committee, or from a person designated by the Committee, that they have been selected to participate in this Plan.
7.               Options.
(a)             Generally. Each Option granted under this Plan shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement (whether in paper or electronic medium (including email or the posting on a web site maintained by the Company or a third party under contract with the Company)). Each Option so granted shall be subject to the conditions set forth in this Section 7, and to such other conditions not inconsistent with this Plan as may be reflected in the applicable Award Agreement. All Options granted under this Plan shall be Nonqualified Stock Options unless the applicable Award Agreement expressly states that the Option is intended to be an Incentive Stock Option. Notwithstanding any designation of an Option, to the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value of Common Shares with respect to which Options designated as Incentive Stock Options are exercisable for the first time by any Participant during any calendar year (under all plans of the Company or any Subsidiary) exceeds $100,000, such excess Options shall be treated as Nonqualified Stock Options. Incentive Stock Options shall be granted only to Eligible Persons who are employees of the Company and its Affiliates, and no Incentive Stock Option shall be granted to any Eligible Person who is ineligible to receive an Incentive Stock Option under the Code. No Option shall be treated as an Incentive Stock Option unless this Plan has been approved by the stockholders of the Company in a manner intended to comply with the stockholder approval requirements of Section 422(b)(1) of the Code, provided that any Option intended to be an Incentive Stock Option shall not fail to be effective solely on account of a failure to obtain such approval, but rather such Option shall be treated as a Nonqualified Stock Option unless and until such approval is obtained. In the case of an Incentive Stock Option, the terms and conditions of such grant shall be subject to and comply with such rules as may be prescribed by Section 422 of the Code. If for any reason an Option intended to be an Incentive Stock Option (or any portion thereof) shall not qualify as an Incentive Stock Option, then, to the extent of such nonqualification, such Option or portion thereof shall be regarded as a Nonqualified Stock Option appropriately granted under this Plan.
(b)            Exercise Price. The exercise price ("Exercise Price") per Common Share for each Option shall not be less than 100% of the Fair Market Value of such share determined as of the Date of Grant; provided, however, that in the case of an Incentive Stock Option granted to an employee who, at the time of the grant of such Option, owns shares representing more than 10% of the voting power of all classes of shares of the Company or any Affiliate, the Exercise Price per share shall not be less than 110% of the Fair Market Value per share on the Date of Grant.
(c)             Vesting and Expiration. Options shall vest and become exercisable in such manner and on such date or dates determined by the Committee and as set forth in the applicable Award Agreement, and shall expire after such period, not to exceed ten (10) years from the Date of Grant, as may be determined by the Committee (the "Option Period"); provided, however, that the Option Period shall not exceed five (5) years from the Date of Grant in the case of an Incentive Stock Option granted to a Participant who on the Date of Grant owns shares representing more than 10% of the voting power of all classes of shares of the Company or any Affiliate; and, provided, further, that notwithstanding any vesting dates set by the Committee, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, accelerate the exercisability of any Option, which acceleration shall not affect the terms and conditions of such Option other than with respect to exercisability. Unless otherwise provided by the Committee in an Award Agreement:
(i)              an Option shall vest and become exercisable with respect to one-third of the Common Shares subject to such Option on each of the first three anniversaries of the Date of Grant; provided, however, that the Committee may designate a purchase price below Fair Market Value on the date of grant if the Option is granted in substitution for a stock option previously granted by an entity that is acquired by or merged with the Company or an Affiliate;
(ii)            the unvested portion of an Option shall expire upon termination of employment or service of the Participant granted the Option, and the vested portion of such Option shall remain exercisable for:
(A)           one year following termination of employment or service by reason of such Participant's death or Disability (with the determination of Disability to be made by the Committee on a case by case basis), but not later than the expiration of the Option Period; and
(B)           90 calendar days following termination of employment or service for any reason other than such Participant's death or Disability, and other than such Participant's termination of employment or service for Cause, but not later than the expiration of the Option Period; and
(iii)          both the unvested and the vested portion of an Option shall immediately expire upon the termination of the Participant's employment or service by the Company for Cause.
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of Section 7(c) and consistent with the requirements of applicable law, the Committee, in its sole discretion, may extend the post-termination of employment period during which a Participant may exercise vested Options.
(d)            Method of Exercise and Form of Payment. No Common Shares shall be delivered pursuant to the exercise of an Option until payment in full of the Exercise Price therefor is received by the Company and the Participant has paid to the Company an amount equal to any applicable federal, state, local and/or foreign income and employment taxes withheld. Options that have become exercisable may be exercised by delivery of written or electronic notice of exercise to the Company in accordance with the terms of the Award Agreement accompanied by payment of the Exercise Price. The Exercise Price shall be payable (i) in cash, check (subject to collection), cash equivalent and/or vested Common Shares valued at the Fair Market Value at the time the Option is exercised (including, pursuant to procedures approved by the Committee, by means of attestation of ownership of a sufficient number of Common Shares in lieu of actual delivery of such shares to the Company); provided, however, that such Common Shares are not subject to any pledge or other security interest; and (ii) by such other method as the Committee may permit in accordance with applicable law, in its sole discretion, including without limitation: (A) in other property having a fair market value (as determined by the Committee in its discretion) on the date of exercise equal to the Exercise Price or (B) if there is a public market for the Common Shares at such time, by means of a broker-assisted "cashless exercise" pursuant to which the Company is delivered a copy of irrevocable instructions to a stockbroker to sell the Common Shares otherwise deliverable upon the exercise of the Option and to deliver promptly to the Company an amount equal to the Exercise Price or (C) by a "net exercise" method whereby the Company withholds from the delivery of the Common Shares for which the Option was exercised that number of Common Shares having a Fair Market Value equal to the aggregate Exercise Price for the Common Shares for which the Option was exercised. Any fractional Common Shares shall be settled in cash.
(e)             Notification upon Disqualifying Disposition of an Incentive Stock Option. Each Participant awarded an Incentive Stock Option under this Plan shall notify the Company in writing immediately after the date he makes a disqualifying disposition of any Common Shares acquired pursuant to the exercise of such Incentive Stock Option. A disqualifying disposition is any disposition (including, without limitation, any sale) of such Common Shares before the later of (A) two years after the Date of Grant of the Incentive Stock Option or (B) one year after the transfer of such Common Shares to the Participant pursuant to his exercise of the Incentive Stock Option. The Company may, if determined by the Committee and in accordance with procedures established by the Committee, retain possession of any Common Shares acquired pursuant to the exercise of an Incentive Stock Option as agent for the applicable Participant until the end of the period described in the preceding sentence.
(f)             Compliance with Laws, etc. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall a Participant be permitted to exercise an Option in a manner that the Committee determines would violate the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, if applicable, or any other applicable law or the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission or the applicable rules and regulations of any securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system on which the securities of the Company are listed or traded.
8.               Stock Appreciation Rights.
(a)             Generally. Each SAR granted under this Plan shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement (whether in paper or electronic medium (including email or the posting on a web site maintained by the Company or a third party under contract with the Company)). Each SAR so granted shall be subject to the conditions set forth in this Section 8, and to such other conditions not inconsistent with this Plan as may be reflected in the applicable Award Agreement. Any Option granted under this Plan may include tandem SARs (i.e., SARs granted in conjunction with an Award of Options under this Plan). The Committee also may award SARs to Eligible Persons independent of any Option.
(b)            Exercise Price. The Exercise Price per Common Share for each Option granted in connection with a SAR shall not be less than 100% of the Fair Market Value of such share determined as of the Date of Grant; provided, however, that the Committee may designate a purchase price below Fair Market Value on the date of grant if the SAR is granted in substitution for an appreciation right previously granted by an entity that is acquired by or merged with the Company or an Affiliate.
(c)             Vesting and Expiration. A SAR granted in connection with an Option shall become exercisable and shall expire according to the same vesting schedule and expiration provisions as the corresponding Option. A SAR granted independent of an Option shall vest and become exercisable and shall expire in such manner and on such date or dates determined by the Committee and shall expire after such period, not to exceed ten years, as may be determined by the Committee (the "SAR Period"); provided, however, that notwithstanding any vesting dates set by the Committee, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, accelerate the exercisability of any SAR, which acceleration shall not affect the terms and conditions of such SAR other than with respect to exercisability. Unless otherwise provided by the Committee in an Award Agreement:
(i)              a SAR shall vest and become exercisable with respect to one-third of the Common Shares subject to such SAR on each of the first three anniversaries of the Date of Grant; 
(ii)            the unvested portion of a SAR shall expire upon termination of employment or service of the Participant granted the SAR, and the vested portion of such SAR shall remain exercisable for:
(A)           one year following termination of employment or service by reason of such Participant's death or Disability (with the determination of Disability to be made by the Committee on a case by case basis), but not later than the expiration of the SAR Period; and
(B)           90 calendar days following termination of employment or service for any reason other than such Participant's death or Disability, and other than such Participant's termination of employment or service for Cause, but not later than the expiration of the SAR Period; and
(iii)          both the unvested and the vested portion of a SAR shall expire immediately upon the termination of the Participant's employment or service by the Company for Cause.
(d)            Method of Exercise. SARs that have become exercisable may be exercised by delivery of written or electronic notice of exercise to the Company in accordance with the terms of the Award, specifying the number of SARs to be exercised and the date on which such SARs were awarded. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if on the last day of the Option Period (or in the case of a SAR independent of an Option, the SAR Period), the Fair Market Value exceeds the Strike Price, the Participant has not exercised the SAR or the corresponding Option (if applicable), and neither the SAR nor the corresponding Option (if applicable) has expired, such SAR shall be deemed to have been exercised by the Participant on such last day and the Company shall make the appropriate payment therefor.
(e)             Payment. Upon the exercise of a SAR, the Company shall pay to the Participant an amount equal to the number of Common Shares subject to the SAR that are being exercised multiplied by the excess, if any, of the Fair Market Value of one Common Share on the exercise date over the Strike Price, less an amount equal to any applicable federal, state, local and non-U.S. income and employment taxes withheld. The Company shall pay such amount in cash, in Common Shares valued at Fair Market Value, or any combination thereof, as determined by the Committee. Any fractional Common Share shall be settled in cash.
9.               Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units.
(a)             Generally. Each grant of Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement (whether in paper or electronic medium (including email or the posting on a web site maintained by the Company or a third party under contract with the Company)). Each such grant shall be subject to the conditions set forth in this Section 9, and to such other conditions not inconsistent with this Plan as may be reflected in the applicable Award Agreement. Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to such restrictions on transferability and other restrictions as the Committee may impose (including, for example, limitations on the right to vote Restricted Stock or the right to receive dividends on the Restricted Stock). These restrictions may lapse separately or in combination at such times, under such circumstances, in such installments, upon the satisfaction of performance goals or otherwise, as the Committee determines at the time of the grant of an Award or thereafter. Except as otherwise provided in an Award Agreement, a Participant shall have none of the rights of a stockholder with respect to Restricted Stock Units until such time as Common Shares are paid in settlement of such Awards.
(b)            Restricted Accounts; Escrow or Similar Arrangement. Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, upon the grant of Restricted Stock, a book entry in a restricted account shall be established in the Participant's name at the Company's transfer agent and, if the Committee determines that the Restricted Stock shall be held by the Company or in escrow rather than held in such restricted account pending the release of the applicable restrictions, the Committee may require the Participant to additionally execute and deliver to the Company (i) an escrow agreement satisfactory to the Committee, if applicable, and (ii) the appropriate share power (endorsed in blank) with respect to the Restricted Stock covered by such agreement. If a Participant shall fail to execute an agreement evidencing an Award of Restricted Stock and, if applicable, an escrow agreement and blank share power within the amount of time specified by the Committee, the Award shall be null and void ab initio. Subject to the restrictions set forth in this Section 9 and the applicable Award Agreement, the Participant generally shall have the rights and privileges of a stockholder as to such Restricted Stock, including without limitation the right to vote such Restricted Stock and the right to receive dividends, if applicable. To the extent shares of Restricted Stock are forfeited, any share certificates issued to the Participant evidencing such shares shall be returned to the Company, and all rights of the Participant to such shares and as a stockholder with respect thereto shall terminate without further obligation on the part of the Company.
(c)             Vesting; Acceleration of Lapse of Restrictions. Unless otherwise provided by the Committee in an Award Agreement: (i) the Restricted Period shall lapse with respect to one-third of the Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units on each of the first three anniversaries of the Date of Grant; and (ii) the unvested portion of Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units shall terminate and be forfeited upon the termination of employment or service of the Participant granted the applicable Award.
(d)            Delivery of Restricted Stock and Settlement of Restricted Stock Units. (i) Upon the expiration of the Restricted Period with respect to any shares of Restricted Stock, the restrictions set forth in the applicable Award Agreement shall be of no further force or effect with respect to such shares, except as set forth in the applicable Award Agreement. If an escrow arrangement is used, upon such expiration, the Company shall deliver to the Participant, or his beneficiary, without charge, the share certificate evidencing the shares of Restricted Stock that have not then been forfeited and with respect to which the Restricted Period has expired (rounded down to the nearest full share). Dividends, if any, that may have been withheld by the Committee and attributable to any particular share of Restricted Stock shall be distributed to the Participant in cash or, at the sole discretion of the Committee, in shares of Common Stock having a Fair Market Value equal to the amount of such dividends, upon the release of restrictions on such shares of Restricted Stock and, if such shares of Restricted Stock are forfeited, the Participant shall have no right to such dividends (except as otherwise set forth by the Committee in the applicable Award Agreement).
(ii)            Unless otherwise provided by the Committee in an Award Agreement, upon the expiration of the Restricted Period with respect to any outstanding Restricted Stock Units and no later than the 75th day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which such expiration occurs, the Company shall deliver to the Participant, or his beneficiary, without charge, one Common Share for each such outstanding Restricted Stock Unit; provided, however, that the Committee may, in its sole discretion and subject to the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, elect to (i) pay cash or part cash and part Common Share in lieu of delivering only Common Shares in respect of such Restricted Stock Units or (ii) defer the delivery of Common Shares (or cash or part Common Shares and part cash, as the case may be) beyond the 75th day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the expiration of the Restricted Period occurs if such delivery would result in a violation of applicable law until such time as is no longer the case. If a cash payment is made in lieu of delivering Common Shares, the amount of such payment shall be equal to the Fair Market Value of the Common Shares as of the date on which the Restricted Period lapsed with respect to such Restricted Stock Units, less an amount equal to any applicable federal, state, local and non-U.S. income and employment taxes withheld. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the Committee in an Award Agreement may, in a manner consistent with the applicable requirements of Section 409A of the Code, enable a Participant to elect to defer the date on which settlement of the Restricted Stock Units shall occur.
10.            Stock Bonus Awards. The Committee may issue unrestricted Common Shares, or other Awards denominated in Common Shares, under this Plan to Eligible Persons, either alone or in tandem with other awards, in such amounts as the Committee shall from time to time in its sole discretion determine. Each Stock Bonus Award granted under this Plan shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement (whether in paper or electronic medium (including email or the posting on a web site maintained by the Company or a third party under contract with the Company)). Each Stock Bonus Award so granted shall be subject to such conditions not inconsistent with this Plan as may be reflected in the applicable Award Agreement.
11.            Changes in Capital Structure and Similar Events. In the event of (a) any dividend or other distribution (whether in the form of cash, Common Shares, other securities or other property), recapitalization, stock split, reverse stock split, reorganization, merger, amalgamation, consolidation, split-up, split-off, combination, repurchase or exchange of Common Shares or other securities of the Company, issuance of warrants or other rights to acquire Common Shares or other securities of the Company, or other similar corporate transaction or event (including, without limitation, a Change in Control) that affects the Common Shares, or (b) unusual or nonrecurring events (including, without limitation, a Change in Control) affecting the Company, any Affiliate, or the financial statements of the Company or any Affiliate, or changes in applicable rules, rulings, regulations or other requirements of any governmental body or securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system, accounting principles or law, such that in either case an adjustment is determined by the Committee in its sole discretion to be necessary or appropriate in order to prevent dilution or enlargement of rights, then the Committee shall make any such adjustments that are equitable, including without limitation any or all of the following:
(i)              adjusting any or all of (A) the number of Common Shares or other securities of the Company (or number and kind of other securities or other property) that may be delivered in respect of Awards or with respect to which Awards may be granted under this Plan (including, without limitation, adjusting any or all of the limitations under Section 5 of this Plan) and (B) the terms of any outstanding Award, including, without limitation, (1) the number of Common Shares or other securities of the Company (or number and kind of other securities or other property) subject to outstanding Awards or to which outstanding Awards relate, (2) the Exercise Price or Strike Price with respect to any Award or (3) any applicable performance measures;
(ii)            subject to the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, providing for a substitution or assumption of Awards, accelerating the exercisability of, lapse of restrictions on, or termination of, Awards or providing for a period of time for exercise prior to the occurrence of such event; and
(iii)          subject to the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, canceling any one or more outstanding Awards and causing to be paid to the holders thereof, in cash, Common Shares, other securities or other property, or any combination thereof, the value of such Awards, if any, as determined by the Committee (which if applicable may be based upon the price per Common Share received or to be received by other stockholders of the Company in such event), including without limitation, in the case of an outstanding Option or SAR, a cash payment in an amount equal to the excess, if any, of the Fair Market Value (as of a date specified by the Committee) of the Common Shares subject to such Option or SAR over the aggregate Exercise Price or Strike Price of such Option or SAR, respectively (it being understood that, in such event, any Option or SAR having a per share Exercise Price or Strike Price equal to, or in excess of, the Fair Market Value of a Common Share subject thereto may be canceled and terminated without any payment or consideration therefor); provided, however, that in the case of any "equity restructuring" (within the meaning of the FASB Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123 (revised 2004) or ASC Topic 718, or any successor thereto), the Committee shall make an equitable or proportionate adjustment to outstanding Awards to reflect such equity restructuring. Any adjustment in Incentive Stock Options under this Section 11 (other than any cancellation of Incentive Stock Options) shall be made only to the extent not constituting a "modification" within the meaning of Section 424(h)(3) of the Code, and any adjustments under this Section 11 shall be made in a manner that does not adversely affect the exemption provided pursuant to Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act. The Company shall give each Participant notice of an adjustment hereunder and, upon notice, such adjustment shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes.
12.            Effect of Change in Control. Except to the extent otherwise provided in an Award Agreement, in the event of a Change in Control, notwithstanding any provision of this Plan to the contrary, with respect to all or any portion of a particular outstanding Award or Awards: 
(a)             all of the then outstanding Options and SARs shall immediately vest and become immediately exercisable as of a time prior to the Change in Control; and
(b)            the Restricted Period shall expire as of a time prior to the Change in Control (including without limitation a waiver of any applicable Performance Goals).
To the extent practicable, any actions taken by the Committee under the immediately preceding clauses (a) and/or (b) shall occur in a manner and at a time which allows affected Participants the ability to participate in the Change in Control transactions with respect to the Common Shares subject to their Awards.
13.            Amendments and Termination.
(a) 	Amendment and Termination of this Plan. The Board may amend, alter, suspend, discontinue, or terminate this Plan or any portion thereof at any time; provided, that (i) no amendment to the definition of Eligible Person in Section 2(q), Section 5(b), or Section 13(b) (to the extent required by the proviso in such Section 13(b)) shall be made without stockholder approval and (ii) no such amendment, alteration, suspension, discontinuation or termination shall be made without stockholder approval if such approval is necessary to comply with any tax or regulatory requirement applicable to this Plan (including, without limitation, as necessary to comply with any rules or requirements of any national securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system on which the Common Shares may be listed or quoted); and, provided, further, that any such amendment, alteration, suspension, discontinuance or termination that would materially and adversely affect the rights of any Participant or any holder or beneficiary of any Award theretofore granted shall not to that extent be effective without the prior written consent of the affected Participant, holder or beneficiary.
(b)	Amendment of Award Agreements. The Committee may, to the extent consistent with the terms of any applicable Award Agreement, waive any conditions or rights under, amend any terms of, or alter, suspend, discontinue, cancel or terminate, any Award theretofore granted or the associated Award Agreement, prospectively or retroactively; provided, however, that any such waiver, amendment, alteration, suspension, discontinuance, cancellation or termination that would materially and adversely affect the rights of any Participant with respect to any Award theretofore granted shall not to that extent be effective without the consent of the affected Participant.
14.            General.
(a) 	Award Agreements. Each Award under this Plan shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement, which shall be delivered to the Participant (whether in paper or electronic medium (including email or the posting on a web site maintained by the Company or a third party under contract with the Company)) and shall specify the terms and conditions of the Award and any rules applicable thereto, including without limitation, the effect on such Award of the death, Disability or termination of employment or service of a Participant, or of such other events as may be determined by the Committee. The Company's failure to specify any term of any Award in any particular Award Agreement shall not invalidate such term, provided such terms was duly adopted by the Board or the Committee.
(b)            Nontransferability; Trading Restrictions.
(i)              Each Award shall be exercisable only by a Participant during the Participant's lifetime, or, if permissible under applicable law, by the Participant's legal guardian or representative. No Award may be assigned, alienated, pledged, attached, sold or otherwise transferred or encumbered by a Participant other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution and any such purported assignment, alienation, pledge, attachment, sale, transfer or encumbrance shall be void and unenforceable against the Company or an Affiliate; provided that the designation of a beneficiary shall not constitute an assignment, alienation, pledge, attachment, sale, transfer or encumbrance.
(ii)            Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, permit Awards (other than Incentive Stock Options) to be transferred by a Participant, with or without consideration, subject to such rules as the Committee may adopt consistent with any applicable Award Agreement to preserve the purposes of this Plan, to: (A) any person who is a "family member" of the Participant, as such term is used in the instructions to Form S-8 under the Securities Act (collectively, the "Immediate Family Members"); (B) a trust solely for the benefit of the Participant and his Immediate Family Members; (C) a partnership or limited liability company whose only partners or stockholders are the Participant and his Immediate Family Members; or (D) any other transferee as may be approved either (I) by the Board or the Committee in its sole discretion, or (II) as provided in the applicable Award Agreement (each transferee described in clauses (A), (B), (C) and (D) above is hereinafter referred to as a "Permitted Transferee"); provided, that the Participant gives the Committee advance written notice describing the terms and conditions of the proposed transfer and the Committee notifies the Participant in writing that such a transfer would comply with the requirements of this Plan.
(iii)          The terms of any Award transferred in accordance with subparagraph (ii) above shall apply to the Permitted Transferee and any reference in this Plan, or in any applicable Award Agreement, to a Participant shall be deemed to refer to the Permitted Transferee, except that (A) Permitted Transferees shall not be entitled to transfer any Award, other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution; (B) Permitted Transferees shall not be entitled to exercise any transferred Option unless there shall be in effect a registration statement on an appropriate form covering the Common Shares to be acquired pursuant to the exercise of such Option if the Committee determines, consistent with any applicable Award Agreement, that such a registration statement is necessary or appropriate; (C) the Committee or the Company shall not be required to provide any notice to a Permitted Transferee, whether or not such notice is or would otherwise have been required to be given to the Participant under this Plan or otherwise; and (D) the consequences of the termination of the Participant's employment by, or services to, the Company or an Affiliate under the terms of this Plan and the applicable Award Agreement shall continue to be applied with respect to the Participant, including, without limitation, that an Option shall be exercisable by the Permitted Transferee only to the extent, and for the periods, specified in this Plan and the applicable Award Agreement.
(iv)          The Committee shall have the right, either on an Award-by-Award basis or as a matter of policy for all Awards or one or more classes of Awards, to condition the delivery of vested Common Shares received in connection with such Award on the Participant's agreement to such restrictions as the Committee may determine.
(c)             Tax Withholding.
(i)              A Participant shall be required to pay to the Company or any Affiliate, or the Company or any Affiliate shall have the right and is hereby authorized to withhold, from any cash, Common Shares, other securities or other property deliverable under any Award or from any compensation or other amounts owing to a Participant, the amount (in cash, Common Shares, other securities or other property) of any required withholding taxes in respect of an Award, its exercise, or any payment or transfer under an Award or under this Plan and to take such other action as may be necessary in the opinion of the Committee or the Company to satisfy all obligations for the payment of such withholding and taxes. In addition, the Committee, in its discretion, may make arrangements mutually agreeable with a Participant who is not an employee of the Company or an Affiliate to facilitate the payment of applicable income and self-employment taxes.
(ii)            Without limiting the generality of clause (i) above, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, permit a Participant to satisfy, in whole or in part, the foregoing withholding liability by (A) the delivery of Common Shares (which are not subject to any pledge or other security interest) owned by the Participant having a fair market value equal to such withholding liability or (B) having the Company withhold from the number of Common Shares otherwise issuable or deliverable pursuant to the exercise or settlement of the Award a number of shares with a fair market value equal to such withholding liability (but no more than the maximum individual statutory rate for the applicable tax jurisdiction).
(d)            No Claim to Awards; No Rights to Continued Employment; Waiver. No employee of the Company or an Affiliate, or other person, shall have any claim or right to be granted an Award under this Plan or, having been selected for the grant of an Award, to be selected for a grant of any other Award. There is no obligation for uniformity of treatment of Participants or holders or beneficiaries of Awards. The terms and conditions of Awards and the Committee's determinations and interpretations with respect thereto need not be the same with respect to each Participant and may be made selectively among Participants, whether or not such Participants are similarly situated. Neither this Plan nor any action taken hereunder shall be construed as giving any Participant any right to be retained in the employ or service of the Company or an Affiliate, nor shall it be construed as giving any Participant any rights to continued service on the Board. The Company or any of its Affiliates may at any time dismiss a Participant from employment or discontinue any consulting relationship, free from any liability or any claim under this Plan, unless otherwise expressly provided in this Plan or any Award Agreement. By accepting an Award under this Plan, a Participant shall thereby be deemed to have waived any claim to continued exercise or vesting of an Award or to damages or severance entitlement related to non-continuation of the Award beyond the period provided under this Plan or any Award Agreement, notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in any written employment contract or other agreement between the Company and its Affiliates and the Participant, whether any such agreement is executed before, on or after the Date of Grant.
(e)             International Participants. With respect to Participants who reside or work outside of the United States of America, the Committee may in its sole discretion amend the terms of this Plan or outstanding Awards (or establish a sub-plan) with respect to such Participants in order to conform such terms with the requirements of local law or to obtain more favorable tax or other treatment for such Participants, the Company or its Affiliates.
(f)             Designation and Change of Beneficiary. Unless otherwise provided by the Committee in an Award Agreement, each Participant may file with the Committee a written designation of one or more persons as the beneficiary(ies) who shall be entitled to receive the amounts payable with respect to an Award, if any, due under this Plan upon his death. A Participant may, from time to time, revoke or change his beneficiary designation without the consent of any prior beneficiary by filing a new designation with the Committee. The last such designation filed with the Committee shall be controlling; provided, however, that no designation, or change or revocation thereof, shall be effective unless received by the Committee prior to the Participant's death, and in no event shall it be effective as of a date prior to such receipt. If no beneficiary designation is filed by a Participant, the beneficiary shall be deemed to be his spouse or, if the Participant is unmarried at the time of death, his estate. Upon the occurrence of a Participant's divorce (as evidenced by a final order or decree of divorce), any spousal designation previously given by such Participant shall automatically terminate.
(g)            Termination of Employment/Service. Unless determined otherwise by the Committee at any point following such event: (i) neither a temporary absence from employment or service due to illness, vacation or leave of absence nor a transfer from employment or service with the Company to employment or service with an Affiliate (or vice-versa) shall be considered a termination of employment or service with the Company or an Affiliate; and (ii) if a Participant's employment with the Company and its Affiliates terminates, but such Participant continues to provide services to the Company and its Affiliates in a non-employee capacity (or vice-versa), such change in status shall not be considered a termination of employment with the Company or an Affiliate for purposes of this Plan unless the Committee, in its discretion, determines otherwise.
(h)            No Rights as a Stockholder. Except as otherwise specifically provided in this Plan or any Award Agreement, no person shall be entitled to the privileges of ownership in respect of Common Shares that are subject to Awards hereunder until such shares have been issued or delivered to that person.
(i)              Government and Other Regulations.
(i)              The obligation of the Company to settle Awards in Common Shares or other consideration shall be subject to all applicable laws, rules, and regulations, and to such approvals by governmental agencies as may be required. Notwithstanding any terms or conditions of any Award to the contrary, the Company shall be under no obligation to offer to sell or to sell, and shall be prohibited from offering to sell or selling, any Common Shares pursuant to an Award unless such shares have been properly registered for sale pursuant to the Securities Act with the Securities and Exchange Commission or unless the Company has received an opinion of counsel, satisfactory to the Company, that such shares may be offered or sold without such registration pursuant to an available exemption therefrom and the terms and conditions of such exemption have been fully complied with. The Company shall be under no obligation to register for sale under the Securities Act any of the Common Shares to be offered or sold under this Plan. The Committee shall have the authority to provide that all certificates for Common Shares or other securities of the Company or any Affiliate delivered under this Plan shall be subject to such stop transfer orders and other restrictions as the Committee may deem advisable under this Plan, the applicable Award Agreement, the federal securities laws, or the rules, regulations and other requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission, any securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system upon which such shares or other securities are then listed or quoted and any other applicable federal, state, local or non-U.S. laws, and, without limiting the generality of Section 9 of this Plan, the Committee may cause a legend or legends to be put on any such certificates to make appropriate reference to such restrictions. Notwithstanding any provision in this Plan to the contrary, the Committee reserves the right to add any additional terms or provisions to any Award granted under this Plan that it in its sole discretion deems necessary or advisable in order that such Award complies with the legal requirements of any governmental entity to whose jurisdiction the Award is subject.
(ii)            The Committee may cancel an Award or any portion thereof if it determines, in its sole discretion, that legal or contractual restrictions and/or blockage and/or other market considerations would make the Company's acquisition of Common Shares from the public markets, the Company's issuance of Common Shares to the Participant, the Participant's acquisition of Common Shares from the Company and/or the Participant's sale of Common Shares to the public markets, illegal, impracticable or inadvisable. If the Committee determines to cancel all or any portion of an Award in accordance with the foregoing, unless doing so would violate Section 409A of the Code, the Company shall pay to the Participant an amount equal to the excess of (A) the aggregate Fair Market Value of the Common Shares subject to such Award or portion thereof canceled (determined as of the applicable exercise date, or the date that the shares would have been vested or delivered, as applicable), over (B) the aggregate Exercise Price or Strike Price (in the case of an Option or SAR, respectively) or any amount payable as a condition of delivery of Common Shares (in the case of any other Award). Such amount shall be delivered to the Participant as soon as practicable following the cancellation of such Award or portion thereof. The Committee shall have the discretion to consider and take action to mitigate the tax consequence to the Participant in cancelling an Award in accordance with this clause.
(j)              Payments to Persons Other Than Participants. If the Committee shall find that any person to whom any amount is payable under this Plan is unable to care for his affairs because of illness or accident, or is a minor, or has died, then any payment due to such person or his estate (unless a prior claim therefor has been made by a duly appointed legal representative) may, if the Committee so directs the Company, be paid to his spouse, child, relative, an institution maintaining or having custody of such person, or any other person deemed by the Committee to be a proper recipient on behalf of such person otherwise entitled to payment. Any such payment shall be a complete discharge of the liability of the Committee and the Company therefor.
(k)            Nonexclusivity of this Plan. Neither the adoption of this Plan by the Board nor the submission of this Plan to the stockholders of the Company for approval shall be construed as creating any limitations on the power of the Board to adopt such other incentive arrangements as it may deem desirable, including, without limitation, the granting of stock options or other equity-based awards otherwise than under this Plan, and such arrangements may be either applicable generally or only in specific cases.
(l)              No Trust or Fund Created. Neither this Plan nor any Award shall create or be construed to create a trust or separate fund of any kind or a fiduciary relationship between the Company or any Affiliate, on the one hand, and a Participant or other person or entity, on the other hand. No provision of this Plan or any Award shall require the Company, for the purpose of satisfying any obligations under this Plan, to purchase assets or place any assets in a trust or other entity to which contributions are made or otherwise to segregate any assets, nor shall the Company maintain separate bank accounts, books, records or other evidence of the existence of a segregated or separately maintained or administered fund for such purposes. Participants shall have no rights under this Plan other than as general unsecured creditors of the Company, except that insofar as they may have become entitled to payment of additional compensation by performance of services, they shall have the same rights as other employees under general law.
(m)          Reliance on Reports. Each member of the Committee and each member of the Board shall be fully justified in acting or failing to act, as the case may be, and shall not be liable for having so acted or failed to act in good faith, in reliance upon any report made by the independent public accountant of the Company and/or its Affiliates and/or any other information furnished in connection with this Plan by any agent of the Company or the Committee or the Board, other than himself.
(n)            Relationship to Other Benefits. No payment under this Plan shall be taken into account in determining any benefits under any pension, retirement, profit sharing, group insurance or other benefit plan of the Company except as otherwise specifically provided in such other plan.
(o)            Governing Law. The Plan shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to the conflict of laws provisions.
(p)            Severability. If any provision of this Plan or any Award or Award Agreement is or becomes or is deemed to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any jurisdiction or as to any person or entity or Award, or would disqualify this Plan or any Award under any law deemed applicable by the Committee, such provision shall be construed or deemed amended to conform to the applicable laws in the manner that most closely reflects the original intent of the Award or the Plan, or if it cannot be construed or deemed amended without, in the determination of the Committee, materially altering the intent of this Plan or the Award, such provision shall be construed or deemed stricken as to such jurisdiction, person or entity or Award and the remainder of this Plan and any such Award shall remain in full force and effect.
(q)            Obligations Binding on Successors. The obligations of the Company under this Plan shall be binding upon any successor corporation or organization resulting from the merger, amalgamation, consolidation or other reorganization of the Company, or upon any successor corporation or organization succeeding to substantially all of the assets and business of the Company.
(r)             Expenses; Gender; Titles and Headings. The expenses of administering this Plan shall be borne by the Company and its Affiliates. Masculine pronouns and other words of masculine gender shall refer to both men and women. The titles and headings of the sections in this Plan are for convenience of reference only, and in the event of any conflict, the text of this Plan, rather than such titles or headings shall control.
(s)             Other Agreements. Notwithstanding the above, the Committee may require, as a condition to the grant of and/or the receipt of Common Shares under an Award, that the Participant execute lock-up, stockholder or other agreements, as it may determine in its sole and absolute discretion.
(t)              Section 409A. The Plan and all Awards granted hereunder are intended to comply with, or otherwise be exempt from, the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. The Plan and all Awards granted under this Plan shall be administered, interpreted, and construed in a manner consistent with Section 409A of the Code to the extent necessary to avoid the imposition of additional taxes under Section 409A(a)(1)(B) of the Code. Notwithstanding anything in this Plan to the contrary, in no event shall the Committee exercise its discretion to accelerate the payment or settlement of an Award where such payment or settlement constitutes deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code unless, and solely to the extent that, such accelerated payment or settlement is permissible under Section 1.409A-3(j)(4) of the Treasury Regulations. If a Participant is a "specified employee" (within the meaning of Section 1.409A-1(i) of the Treasury Regulations) at any time during the twelve (12)-month period ending on the date of his termination of employment, and any Award hereunder subject to the requirements of Section 409A of the Code is to be satisfied on account of the Participant's termination of employment, satisfaction of such Award shall be suspended until the date that is six (6) months after the date of such termination of employment. In no event shall the Company or any of its Affiliates be liable for any taxes, penalities, interest, or other expenses that may be incurred by a Participant under Section 409A of the Code.
(u)            Payments. Participants shall be required to pay, to the extent required by applicable law, any amounts required to receive Common Shares under any Award made under this Plan.
COMMON STOCK PROXY
THIS PROXY IS SOLICITED ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
THE UNDERSIGNED HOLDER OF COMMON STOCK OF GUIDED THERAPEUTICS, INC. (THE "COMPANY") HEREBY APPOINTS GENE S. CARTWRIGHT AND MARK L. FAUPEL, AND EACH OF THEM, AS PROXIES OF THE UNDERSIGNED, WITH FULL POWER OF SUBSTITUTION, TO VOTE ALL THE SHARES OF COMMON STOCK OF THE COMPANY HELD OF RECORD BY THE UNDERSIGNED ON SEPTEMBER 4, 2018, AT THE ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS TO BE HELD ON OCTOBER 19, 2018  OR ANY ADJOURNMENT THEREOF.
1.           To elect five directors to the Company's Board of Directors to serve until the next Annual Meeting of Stockholders or until their successors are elected and qualified.
Gene S. Cartwright 
Michael C. James
John E. Imhoff 	
Richard P. Blumberg
Mark L. Faupel
2.           To ratify the appointment by the Board of Directors of UHY LLP as the Company's independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2018:
 FOR                AGAINST              ABSTAIN
3.           To approve an amendment to the Company's Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, to effect a reverse stock split of the Company's outstanding common stock, at a ratio of between 1-for-25 and 1-for-800, with such ratio to be determined at the sole discretion of the Board with such reverse stock split to be effected at such time and date on or before March 31, 2019, if at all, as determined by the Board in its sole discretion.
 FOR                AGAINST              ABSTAIN
4.           An amendment to the Company's Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, to increase the total number authorized shares of common stock to 3,000,000,000..
 FOR                AGAINST              ABSTAIN
5.           To approve Guided Therapeutics, Inc. 2018 Stock Option Plan.
 FOR                AGAINST              ABSTAIN
The shares represented by this proxy, when properly executed, will be voted as specified by the undersigned stockholder(s). If this card contains no specific voting instructions, the shares will be voted FOR the director nominees and FOR each of the other proposals described on this card.
In their discretion, the proxies are authorized to vote upon such other business as may properly come before the meeting.
Please mark, sign, date and return this proxy promptly using the accompanying postage pre-paid envelope. THIS PROXY IS SOLICITED ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF GUIDED THERAPEUTICS, INC.
When shares are held by joint tenants, both should sign. When signing as attorney, executor, administrator, trustee or guardian, please give full title as such. If a corporation, please sign the corporate name by the president or other authorized officer. If a partnership, please sign in the partnership name by an authorized person.
Use the internet to transmit your voting instructions and for electronic delivery of information up until 12:00 A.M. Eastern Time the day before the meeting date. Have your proxy card in hand when you access the web site and follow the instructions to obtain your records and to create an electronic voting instruction form.
SERIES C2 PREFERRED STOCK PROXY
THIS PROXY IS SOLICITED ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
THE UNDERSIGNED HOLDER OF SERIES C2 PREFERRED STOCK OF GUIDED THERAPEUTICS, INC. (THE "COMPANY") HEREBY APPOINTS GENE S. CARTWRIGHT AND MARK L. FAUPEL, AND EACH OF THEM, AS PROXIES OF THE UNDERSIGNED, WITH FULL POWER OF SUBSTITUTION, TO VOTE ALL THE SHARES OF SERIES C2 PREFERRED STOCK OF THE COMPANY HELD OF RECORD BY THE UNDERSIGNED ON SEPTEMBER 4, 2018, AT THE ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS TO BE HELD ON OCTOBER 19, 2018, OR ANY ADJOURNMENT THEREOF.
1.           To elect five directors to the Company's Board of Directors to serve until the next Annual Meeting of Stockholders or until their successors are elected and qualified.
Gene S. Cartwright 
Michael C. James
John E. Imhoff 	
Richard P. Blumberg
Mark L. Faupel
2.           To ratify the appointment by the Board of Directors of UHY LLP as the Company's independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2018:
 FOR                AGAINST              ABSTAIN
3.           To approve an amendment to the Company's Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, to effect a reverse stock split of the Company's outstanding common stock, at a ratio of between 1-for-25 and 1-for-800, with such ratio to be determined at the sole discretion of the Board with such reverse stock split to be effected at such time and date on or before March 31, 2019, if at all, as determined by the Board in its sole discretion.
 FOR                AGAINST              ABSTAIN
4.           To approve Guided Therapeutics, Inc. 2018 Stock Option Plan.
 FOR                AGAINST              ABSTAIN
The shares represented by this proxy, when properly executed, will be voted as specified by the undersigned stockholder(s). If this card contains no specific voting instructions, the shares will be voted FOR the director nominees and FOR each of the other proposals described on this card.
In their discretion, the proxies are authorized to vote upon such other business as may properly come before the meeting.
Please mark, sign, date and return this proxy promptly using the accompanying postage pre-paid envelope. THIS PROXY IS SOLICITED ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF GUIDED THERAPEUTICS, INC.
When shares are held by joint tenants, both should sign. When signing as attorney, executor, administrator, trustee or guardian, please give full title as such. If a corporation, please sign the corporate name by the president or other authorized officer. If a partnership, please sign in the partnership name by an authorized person.
Use the internet to transmit your voting instructions and for electronic delivery of information up until 12:00 A.M. Eastern Time the day before the meeting date. Have your proxy card in hand when you access the web site and follow the instructions to obtain your records and to create an electronic voting instruction form.
