 
UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
SCHEDULE 14A
Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No.              )
Filed by the Registrant [X]
Filed by a Party other than the Registrant [  ]
Check the appropriate box:
Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box):
TECNOGLASS INC.
Avenida Circunvalar a 100 mts de la Via 40
Barrio Las Flores, Barranquilla
Colombia
(57)(5)3734000
Notice of Annual General Meeting of Shareholders to be held on December 12, 2018
To the Shareholders of Tecnoglass Inc.:
You are cordially invited to attend the annual general meeting of shareholders of Tecnoglass Inc. to be held at the JW Marriott, Miami, 1109 Brickell Avenue, Miami, FL 33131, on Wednesday, December 12, 2018, at 2:30 p.m., to consider and act upon the following matters:
Only shareholders of record at the close of business on October 26, 2018 will be entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the meeting and any postponements or adjournments thereof.
You are urged to read the attached proxy statement, which contains information relevant to the actions to be taken at the meeting. Whether or not you expect to attend the meeting, you are requested to date, sign and return the accompanying form of proxy in the enclosed addressed, postage-prepaid envelope. Returning a proxy will not affect your right to vote in person if you attend the meeting. You may revoke your proxy if you so desire at any time before it is voted. We would greatly appreciate the prompt return of your proxy as this will assist us in preparing for the meeting.
By Order of the Board of Directors
/s/ A. Lorne Weil
A. Lorne Weil, Chairman of the Board
Barranquilla, Colombia
November 20, 2018
IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS FOR
THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS TO BE HELD ON DECEMBER 12, 2018
Our 2018 Proxy Statement, dated November 20, 2018, and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 14, 2018, are available at investors.tecnoglass.com/annuals-proxies.cfm.
TECNOGLASS INC.
PROXY STATEMENT
Annual General Meeting of Shareholders to be held on December 12, This proxy statement and the accompanying form of proxy is furnished to shareholders of Tecnoglass Inc. in connection with the solicitation of proxies by our board of directors for use in voting at our annual general meeting of shareholders to be held at JW Marriott, Miami, 1109 Brickell Avenue, Miami, FL 33131, on Wednesday, December 12, 2018, at 2:30 p.m., and at any and all postponements or adjournments.
This proxy statement, the accompanying notice of annual general meeting of shareholders, the proxy and the annual report to shareholders for the year ended December 31, 2017 are being mailed to shareholders of record on October 26, 2018. We are bearing all costs of this solicitation.
What matters am I voting on?
You are being asked to vote on the following matters:
Who is entitled to vote?
Holders of our ordinary shares as of the close of business on October 26, 2018, the record date, are entitled to vote at the meeting. As of the record date, we had issued and outstanding 37,534,416 ordinary shares, our only class of voting securities outstanding. Each holder of our ordinary shares is entitled to one vote for each share held on the record date.
How do I vote?
If you are a record holder of your shares, you may vote your ordinary shares at the annual general meeting by:
If your shares are held in the name of your broker, bank or another nominee, you should contact your broker, bank or such other nominee to ensure that votes related to the shares you beneficially own are properly counted.
If you would like to attend the meeting and vote in person and your shares are held in the name of your broker, bank or another nominee, you must obtain a legal proxy from the broker, bank or other nominee to attend the meeting. That is the only way we can be sure that the broker, bank or nominee has not already voted your shares.
What is the effect of giving a proxy?
Proxies in the form enclosed are solicited by and on behalf of our board of directors. The persons named in the proxy have been designated as proxies by our board of directors. If you sign and return the proxy in accordance with the procedures set forth in this proxy statement, the persons designated as proxies by our board of directors will vote your shares at the meeting as specified in your proxy.
If you sign and return your proxy in accordance with the procedures set forth in this proxy statement but you do not provide any instructions as to how your shares should be voted, your shares will be voted FOR the election of the Class B director nominees (Proposal 1).
If you give your proxy, your shares also will be voted in the discretion of the proxies named on the proxy card with respect to any other matters properly brought before the meeting and any postponements or adjournments. If any other matters are properly brought before the meeting, the persons named in the proxy will vote the proxies in accordance with their best judgment.
May I change my vote after I return my proxy card?
If you are a record owner of your shares and you give a proxy, you may revoke your proxy at any time before it is exercised by:
Please note that your attendance at the meeting will not alone serve to revoke your proxy.
If your shares are held in the name of your broker, bank or another nominee, you should contact your broker, bank or such other nominee for information on how to revoke your voting instructions.
What is a quorum?
A quorum is the minimum number of shares required to be present at the annual general meeting for the meeting to be properly held under our Third Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association and the Companies Law (2018 Revision) of the Cayman Islands. The presence, in person, by proxy or, if a corporation or other non-natural person, by its duly authorized representative or proxy, of the holders of a majority of our ordinary shares constitutes a quorum. Proxies that are marked "abstain" and proxies relating to "street name" shares that are returned to us but marked by brokers as "not voted" will be treated as shares present for purposes of determining the presence of a quorum on all matters. The latter will not be treated as shares voting on the matter as to which authority to vote is withheld from the broker. If a shareholder does not give the broker voting instructions, under applicable self-regulatory organization rules, its broker may not vote its shares on "non-routine" proposals, such as the election of Class B directors.
How many votes are needed for approval of each matter?
The election of a director. Directors are elected by ordinary resolution which will require the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of ordinary shares present (in person or by proxy or, if a corporation or other non-natural person, by its duly authorized representative) who, being entitled to vote on such proposal at the annual general meeting, vote. Abstentions are deemed voted on the director proposal. Therefore, they have the same effect as a vote against any particular nominee. Broker non-votes, while considered present for the purposes of establishing a quorum, will have no effect on such proposal.
If you hold your shares through a broker, bank, or other financial institution, your broker will not be permitted to vote on your behalf in the election of our Class B directors without your instructions to do so. Please communicate your voting instructions to your broker, bank, or other financial institution before the meeting so that your vote will be counted.
SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
The table and accompanying footnotes set forth certain information as of October 26, 2018 with respect to the ownership of our ordinary shares by:
A person is deemed to be the beneficial owner of securities that can be acquired by the person within 60 days from the record date upon the exercise of warrants or other derivative securities. Accordingly, ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of warrants or other derivative securities that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of October 26, 2018 have been included in the table with respect to the beneficial ownership of the person owning the warrants or other derivative securities, but not with respect to any other persons.
[BEGIN TABLE]
Name      and Address of Beneficial Owner(1)   Amount      and Nature of Beneficial Ownership     Approximate                                           Percentage of Beneficial                                           Ownership   
Name      and Address of Beneficial Owner(1)   Amount      and Nature of Beneficial Ownership     Approximate                                           Percentage of Beneficial                                           Ownership   
[END TABLE]
* Less than 1%
PROPOSAL 1 — ELECTION OF CLASS B DIRECTORS
Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class serving a three-year term. The term of office of our Class B directors, consisting of Christian T. Daes and Julio A. Torres, will expire at this year's annual general meeting. The term of office of our Class C directors, Jose M. Daes and A. Lorne Weil, will expire at our annual general meeting in 2019. The term of office of our Class A directors, consisting of Samuel R. Azout, Luis Fernando Castro Vergara and Martha (Stormy) L. Byorum, will expire at our annual general meeting in 2020.
Our nominating committee has nominated each of Messrs. Daes and Torres to be re-elected as a Class B director.
Recommendation and Vote Required
The election of directors requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the ordinary shares present (in person or by proxy or, if a corporation or other non-natural person, by its duly authorized representative) who, being entitled to vote on such proposal at the annual general meeting, vote.
Unless authority is withheld or the shares are subject to a broker non-vote, the proxies solicited by the board of directors will be voted "FOR" the election of these nominees. In case any of the nominees becomes unavailable for election to the board of directors, an event that is not anticipated, the persons named as proxies, or their substitutes, will have full discretion and authority to vote or refrain from voting for any other candidate in accordance with their judgment.
THE COMPANY'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT YOU VOTE "FOR" EACH OF THE CLASS B DIRECTOR NOMINEES LISTED IN THIS PROXY STATEMENT.
Information About Directors, Nominees, Executive Officers and Significant Employees
Our current directors and executive officers are as follows:
José M. Daes has served as our chief executive officer and a director since December 2013. Mr. Daes has over 30 years' experience starting and operating various businesses in Colombia and the U.S. Mr. Daes has served as chief executive officer of C.I. Engeria Solar S.A. E.S. Windows ("ES") since its inception in 1984, responsible for all aspects of ES's operations. Mr. Daes also co-founded Tecnoglass S.A. ("TG") in 1994. Mr. Daes began his career in textiles, importing textiles from Japan to Colombia and later owned and operated an upscale clothing store with multiple locations in Miami. Mr. Daes is the older brother of Christian T. Daes, our chief operating officer and a director.
We believe Mr. Daes is well-qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors due to his operational experience with ES and TG, our operating subsidiaries, and his knowledge of the industry within which they operate.
Christian T. Daes has served as our chief operating officer and a director since December 2013. Mr. Daes has served as the chief executive officer of TG since its inception in 1994, responsible for all aspects of TG's operations. Mr. Daes's philanthropic activities include founding the Tecnoglass-ES Windows Foundation, which promotes local development, health and social programs in Barranquilla, Colombia. Mr. Daes is the younger brother of José M. Daes, our chief executive officer and a director.
We believe Mr. Daes is well-qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors due to his operational experience with ES and TG and his knowledge of the industry within which they operate.
Santiago Giraldo served as our deputy chief financial officer from February 2016 until August 2017 and has served as our chief financial officer since such time. From February 2013 to February 2016, Mr. Giraldo was the Chief Financial Officer and Business Development and Strategy Head of Oleoducto Central S.A., the owner and operator of the Ocensa pipeline in Colombia (subsidiary of the Ecopetrol Group, the National Oil Company). From October 2009 to February 2013, Mr. Giraldo was Vice President of Oil & Gas Corporate Banking at Citibank. Prior to this, Mr. Giraldo was with JPMorgan Chase where he most recently held the position of Vice President of Corporate Banking for diversified industries.
A. Lorne Weil has served as a member of our board of directors and non-executive chairman of the board since our inception. Mr. Weil serves as Executive Chairman of Inspired Entertainment, Inc., a position he has held since December 2016. Previously, Mr. Weil served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Inspired's predecessor, Hydra Industries Acquisition Corp., from October 2014 to December 2016. Since September 2017, Mr. Weil has also served as Executive Chairman of Leisure Acquisition Corp., a blank check company seeking to consummate an initial business combination. He has also served as a principal of Hydra Management, an investment vehicle formed by Mr. Weil, since September 2014. Mr. Weil has also served as a director of Sportech Plc, one of the largest suppliers and operators of pools/tote (often also referred to as pari-mutuel) betting in the world, since October 2010. From October 1991 to November 2013, Mr. Weil served as chairman of the board of Scientific Games Corporation, a supplier of technology-based products, systems and services to gaming markets worldwide, and served as its chief executive officer from April 1992 until November 2013. Mr. Weil also served as president of Scientific Games from August 1997 to June 2005. From 1979 to November 1992, Mr. Weil was president of Lorne Weil, Inc., a firm providing strategic planning and corporate development services to high technology industries. Previously, Mr. Weil was vice president of corporate development at General Instrument Corporation, working with wagering and cable systems.
We believe Mr. Weil is well-qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors due to his extensive business experience in strategic planning and corporate development, his contacts he has fostered throughout his career, as well as his operational experience.
Samuel R. Azout has served on our board of directors since December 2013 and on the board of TG since February 2009. Since March 2013, Mr. Azout has served as an investment manager for Abacus Real Estate. From January 2012 to March 2013, Mr. Azout served as the chief executive officer of the National Agency for Overcoming Extreme Poverty in Colombia, an organization formed by the government of Colombia to assist families in poverty. From September 2010 to January 2012, Mr. Azout was the senior presidential advisor for Social Prosperity, employed by the administration of the President of Colombia. Prior to this, Mr. Azout served as chief executive officer of Carulla Vivero S.A., the second largest retailer in Colombia, for 10 years, until he led its sale to Grupo Exito in 2006.
We believe Mr. Azout is well-qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors due to his contacts and business relationships in Colombia.
Luis Fernando Castro Vergara has served on our board of directors since November 2018. Since 2017, Mr. Castro Vergara has been serving as a fund manager in the agroindustry sector and overseeing his investments in the construction, infrastructure and agroindustry sectors. Mr. Castro Vergara served as the Chief Executive Officer of Banco de Comercio Exterior de Colombia S.A., Colombia's development bank, from 2013 to 2017. From 2007 to 2008 and 2012 to 2013, Mr. Castro Vergara was the General Manager of Agrodex International SAS, an import and marketing food company. From 2008 to 2012, he was the Regional Development Agency President of the Barranquilla Chamber of Commerce. Previously, he was General Manager of Provyser S.A., a commercialization and logistics services company in the food industry. He is on the board of directors of Unimed Pharmaceuticals Limited, where he also serves as member of the Audit Committee, and of Colombian the Colombian companies Accenorte SAS and Devimed SAS. Mr. Castro Vergara received a B.S. from Fordham University, a B.S. from Columbia University and a M.B.A. from the Universidad de los Andes Bogota in Colombia. He has complementary education in economic development from Harvard University, strategy and leadership from Pennsylvania University and management from Northwestern University.
We believe Mr. Castro Vergara is well-qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors due to his contacts and business relationships.
Martha (Stormy) L. Byorum has served as a member of our board of directors since November 2011. Ms. Byorum is founder and chief executive officer of Cori Investment Advisors, LLC (Cori Capital), a financial services entity that was most recently (January 2005 through August 2013) a division of Stephens Inc., a private investment banking firm founded in 1933. Ms. Byorum was also an executive vice president of Stephens Inc. from January 2005 until August 2013. From March 2003 to December 2004, Ms. Byorum served as chief executive officer of Cori Investment Advisors, LLC, which was spun off from VB&P in 2003. Ms. Byorum co-founded VB&P in 1996 and served as a Partner until February 2003. Prior to co-founding VB&P in 1996, Ms. Byorum had a 24-year career at Citibank, where, among other things, she served as chief of staff and chief financial officer for Citibank's Latin American Banking Group from 1986 to 1990, overseeing $15 billion of loans and coordinating activities in 22 countries. She was later appointed the head of Citibank's U.S. Corporate Banking Business and a member of the bank's Operating Committee and a Customer Group Executive with global responsibilities.
Ms. Byorum is a Life Trustee of Amherst College and a chairman of the finance committee of the board of directors of Northwest Natural Gas, a large distributor of natural gas services in the Pacific Northwest. She also serves on the board of directors of JELD-WEN Holding, Inc., a a vertically integrated global manufacturer and distributor of windows and doors, and Opes Acquisition Corp., a blank check company seeking to consummate an initial business combination.
We believe Ms. Byorum is well-qualified to serve as a member of the board of directors due to her operational experience with Cori Capital Advisors, VB&P and Citibank and her financial background, which includes having served on the audit committees of four publicly-traded companies.
Julio A. Torres has served on our board of directors since October 2011. He previously served as our co-chief executive officer from October 2011 through January 2013. Since March 2013, Mr. Torres has served as the managing partner at Multiple Equilibria Capital, a financial advisory firm. From August 2015 to March 2018, Mr. Torres served as Chief Executive Officer and a member of the board of directors of Andina Acquisition Corp. II, a blank check company that consummated an initial business combination with Lazy Days' R.V. Center, Inc. From March 2008 to February 2013, Mr. Torres served as managing director of Nexus Capital Partners, a private equity firm. From April 2006 to February 2008, Mr. Torres served with the Colombian Ministry of Finance acting as director general of public credit and the treasury. From June 2002 to April 2006, Mr. Torres served as managing director of Diligo Advisory Group, an investment banking firm. From September 1994 to June 2002, Mr. Torres served as vice president with JPMorgan Chase Bank.
We believe Mr. Torres is well-qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors due to his operational experience with Nexus Capital Partners, his work with the Colombian government and his extensive contacts he has fostered while working at Nexus Capital Partners, JPMorgan Chase Bank and in the Colombian government.
Director Independence
Our ordinary shares are listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market and therefore, we adhere to the NASDAQ listing standards in determining whether a director is independent. Our board of directors consults with its counsel to ensure that the board's determinations are consistent with those rules and all relevant securities and other laws and regulations regarding the independence of directors.
The NASDAQ listing standards define an "independent director" as a person, other than an executive officer of a company or any other individual having a relationship which, in the opinion of the issuer's board of directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Consistent with these considerations, we have affirmatively determined that Messrs. Weil, Azout, Castro Vergara, Torres and Ms. Byorum qualify as independent directors. Our independent directors have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present.
Board of Directors Meetings and Committees
Our board of directors held three meetings in 2017 and acted by written consent eight times. We held our 2017 annual general meeting of shareholders on December 6, 2017, which was attended by two of our directors. No director attended fewer than 75% of the meetings of the board and of the committees thereof upon which he or she served in 2017.
We do not have any formal policy regarding director attendance at annual general meetings of shareholders; however, we will attempt to schedule our annual general meetings so that all of our directors can attend. In addition, we expect our directors to attend all board and committee meetings and to spend the time needed and meet as frequently as necessary to properly discharge their responsibilities.
Leadership Structure
Our board of directors has determined to keep separate the positions of board chairman and chief executive officer at this time. This permits our chief executive officer to concentrate his efforts primarily on managing the Company's business operations and development, while our chairman can focus on, among other things, communications and relations between our board of directors and senior management, consideration by our board of directors of the Company's strategies and policies and our chief executive officer evaluation processes.
Risk Oversight
Our board of directors' primary function is one of oversight. Our board of directors as a whole has responsibility for risk oversight and reviews management's risk assessment and risk management policies and procedures. Our audit committee discusses with our management major financial risk exposures and reports its findings to our board of directors in connection with our board of directors' risk oversight review. Our compensation committee is responsible for creating incentives that encourage behavior consistent with our business strategy, without encouraging undue risk-taking.
Code of Conduct
In October 2017, we adopted an updated code of conduct that applies to all of our executive officers, directors and employees. The code of conduct codifies the business and ethical principles that govern all aspects of our business. We will provide, without charge, upon request, copies of our code of conduct. Requests for copies of our code of conduct should be sent in writing to Tecnoglass Inc., Avenida Circunvalar a 100 mts de la Via 40, Barrio Las Flores, Barranquilla, Colombia, Attn: Corporate Secretary. Readers can also obtain a copy of our code of conduct on our website.
Corporate Governance
Audit Committee
We have a standing audit committee of the board of directors, which consists of Martha L. Byorum, Samuel R. Azout and Julio Torres, with Martha L. Byorum serving as chairman. Each of the members of the audit committee is independent under the applicable NASDAQ listing standards.
The audit committee held four meetings in 2017. The audit committee has a written charter, which is included in our Corporate Governance Guidelines and can be found on our website. The purpose of the audit committee is to appoint, retain, set compensation of, and supervise our independent accountants, review the results and scope of the audit and other accounting related services and review our accounting practices and systems of internal accounting and disclosure controls. The audit committee's duties, which are specified in the audit committee charter, include, but are not limited to:
Audit Committee Financial Expert
As required by the NASDAQ listing standards, the audit committee will at all times be composed exclusively of independent directors who are "financially literate." NASDAQ listing standards define "financially literate" as being able to read and understand fundamental financial statements, including a company's balance sheet, income statement, and statement of cash flows. In addition, the Company must certify to NASDAQ the committee has, and will continue to have, at least one member who has past employment experience in finance or accounting, requisite professional certification in accounting, or other comparable experience or background that results in the individual's financial sophistication. The board of directors has determined that Martha Byorum satisfies NASDAQ's definition of financial sophistication and also qualifies as an "audit committee financial expert" as defined under rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Audit Committee Report
Our audit committee is responsible for supervising our independent accountants, reviewing the results and scope of the audit and other accounting related services and reviewing our accounting practices and systems of internal accounting and disclosure controls, among other things. These responsibilities include reviewing and discussing with management and the independent auditor the annual audited financial statements. The audit committee does not itself prepare financial statements or perform audits, and its members are not auditors or certifiers of our financial statements.
In fulfilling its oversight responsibility of appointing and reviewing the services performed by our independent registered public accounting firm, the audit committee carefully reviews the policies and procedures for the engagement of the independent registered public accounting firm, including the scope of the audit, audit fees, auditor independence matters and the extent to which the independent registered public accounting firm may be retained to perform non-audit related services.
The audit committee has reviewed and discussed the audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2017 with our management and PricewaterhouseCoopers Ltda. ("PwC"), our independent registered public accounting firm. The audit committee has also discussed with PwC the matters required to be discussed by the Statement on Auditing Standards No. 61, as amended (AICPA, Professional Standards, Vol. 1, AU Section 380), as adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) in Rule 3200T regarding "Communication with Audit Committees."
The audit committee has also received and reviewed the written disclosures and the letter from PwC required by applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding PwC's communications with the audit committee concerning independence, and has discussed with PwC its independence from the Company.
Based on the reviews and discussions referred to above, the audit committee recommended to the board that the financial statements referred to above be included in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017.
Nominating Committee
We have a standing nominating committee, which consists of A. Lorne Weil, Martha L. Byorum and Samuel R. Azout, with A. Lorne Weil serving as chairperson. Each member of the nominating committee is an "independent director" as defined under NASDAQ listing standards. Pursuant to its written charter, which is included in our Corporate Governance Guidelines and can be found on our website, our nominating committee is responsible for overseeing the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our board of directors. The nominating committee did not meet in person in 2017 but acted by unanimous written consent one time.
Guidelines for Selecting Director Nominees
The nominating committee considers persons identified by its members, management, shareholders, investment bankers and others. Currently, the guidelines for selecting nominees, which are specified in the nominating committee charter, generally provide that persons to be nominated:
The nominating committee will consider a number of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background and integrity and professionalism in evaluating a person's candidacy for membership on the board of directors. The nominating committee may require certain skills or attributes, such as financial or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and will also consider the overall experience and makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The nominating committee does not distinguish among nominees recommended by shareholders and other persons.
Compensation Committee
In December 2013, we established a standing compensation committee. Our compensation committee currently consists of Julio Torres, Samuel R. Azout and Luis Fernando Castro Vergara, with Julio Torres serving as chairperson. The compensation committee met two times in 2017. The compensation committee's duties, which are specified in our compensation committee charter included in our Corporate Governance Guidelines and can be found on our website, include, but are not limited to:
Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance
Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires our officers, directors and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class of our equity securities to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Officers, directors and ten percent shareholders are required by regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) reports they file. Based solely on a review of such reports received by us and written representations from certain reporting persons that no Form 5s were required for those persons, we believe that, during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017, all reports required to be filed by our officers, directors and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class of our equity securities were filed on a timely basis.
EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND DIRECTOR COMPENSATION
Overview
Our policies with respect to the compensation of our executive officers are administered by our board in consultation with our compensation committee. Our compensation policies are intended to provide for compensation that is sufficient to attract, motivate and retain executives of outstanding ability and potential and to establish an appropriate relationship between executive compensation and the creation of shareholder value. To meet these goals, the compensation committee is charged with recommending executive compensation packages to our board.
Summary Compensation Table
The following table summarizes the total compensation for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 of each of our named executive officers.
Compensation Arrangements with Named Executive Officers
On January 9, 2018, the Board of Directors of the Company approved the following compensation arrangements for 2018 for each of Jose Daes, the Company's Chief Executive Officer, Christian Daes, the Company's Chief Operating Officer, and Santiago Giraldo, the Company's Chief Financial Officer: (i) with respect to each of Messrs. Daes and Daes, a base salary of $1,020,000 plus a bonus of up to $102,000; and (ii) with respect to Mr. Giraldo, a base salary of $180,000 plus CPI adjustment and a bonus of up to $50,000 per year to be paid out quarterly. Each of the bonuses will be based on the Company's 2018 financial performance and achievement of certain to-be-agreed upon targets throughout the year.
The Company estimates median annual total compensation of employees to be $10,714. The ratio of the annual total compensation of the Chief Executive Officer to that of the median employee is 90:1.
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End
As of December 31, 2017, we had not granted any share options, share appreciation rights or any other awards under long-term incentive plans to any of our executive officers.
Director Compensation
For the year ended December 31, 2017, we granted each non-employee director an annual award of ordinary shares of the Company of $50,000 based on the closing price per share of our ordinary shares on October 2, 2017. On January 2, 2018, we granted our chairwoman of the Audit Committee and each other member of our Audit Committee, ordinary shares for value equal to $18,000 and $8,000, respectively, based on the closing price per share of our ordinary shares on January 2, 2018 representing payment for board service provided in 2017.
Equity Compensation Plans
[BEGIN TABLE]
Category   Number                                           of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and                                           rights     Weighted-average      exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights     Number                                           of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans                                           (excluding securities reflected in                                           the first column)   
Category   Number                                           of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and                                           rights     Weighted-average      exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights     Number                                           of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans                                           (excluding securities reflected in                                           the first column)   
[END TABLE]
(1) On December 20, 2013, our shareholders approved our 2013 Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan. Under this plan, 1,593,917 ordinary shares are reserved for issuance in accordance with the plan's terms to eligible employees, officers, directors and consultants. As of December 31, 2017, no awards had been made under the 2013 Plan.
Certain Relationships and Related-Party Transactions
Related Party Transactions
Ventanas Solar S.A.
Ventanas Solar S.A., a Panama sociedad anonima, is an importer and installer of the Company's products in Panama. Family members of the Company's CEO and COO and other related parties own 100% of the equity in VS. The Company's sales to VS for the year ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 were $3.7 million, $8.3 million and $5.4 million, respectively. Outstanding receivables from VS at December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 were $6.3 million, $9.1 million and $9.4 million, respectively.
Indemnification Agreements
Effective March 5, 2014, we entered into indemnification agreements with each of our executive officers and members of our board of directors. The indemnification agreements supplement our Third Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association and Cayman Islands law in providing certain indemnification rights to these individuals. The indemnification agreements provide, among other things that we will indemnify these individuals to the fullest extent permitted by Cayman Islands law and to any greater extent that Cayman Islands law may in the future permit, including the advancement of attorneys' fees and other expenses incurred by such individuals in connection with any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or other proceeding, whether of a civil, criminal, administrative, regulatory, legislative or investigative nature, relating to any occurrence or event before or after the date of the indemnification agreements, by reason of the fact that such individuals is or were our directors or executive officers, subject to certain exclusions and procedures set forth in the indemnification agreements, including the absence of fraud or willful default on the part of the indemnitee and, with respect to any criminal proceeding, that the indemnitee had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful.
Related Party Policy
Our Code of Conduct requires us to avoid, wherever possible, all related party transactions that could result in actual or potential conflicts of interests, except under guidelines approved by the board of directors (or the audit committee). Related-party transactions are defined as transactions in which (1) the aggregate amount involved will or may be expected to exceed $120,000 in any calendar year, (2) we or any of our subsidiaries are a participant, and (3) any (a) executive officer, director or nominee for election as a director, (b) greater than 5% beneficial owner of our ordinary shares, or (c) immediate family member, of the persons referred to in clauses (a) and (b), has or will have a direct or indirect material interest (other than solely as a result of being a director or a less than 10% beneficial owner of another entity). A conflict of interest situation can arise when a person takes actions or has interests that may make it difficult to perform his or her work objectively and effectively. Conflicts of interest may also arise if a person, or a member of his or her family, receives improper personal benefits as a result of his or her position.
Our audit committee, pursuant to its written charter, is responsible for reviewing and approving material or significant related-party transactions to the extent we enter into such transactions. The audit committee will consider all relevant factors when determining whether to approve a related party transaction, including whether the related party transaction is on terms no less favorable than terms generally available to an unaffiliated third-party under the same or similar circumstances and the extent of the related party's interest in the transaction. No director may participate in the approval of any transaction in which he is a related party, but that director is required to provide the audit committee with all material information concerning the transaction. Additionally, we require each of our directors and executive officers to complete an annual directors' and officers' questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions.
These procedures are intended to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the part of a director, employee or officer.
SOLICITATION OF PROXIES
The solicitation of proxies in the enclosed form is made on behalf of our board of directors and we are bearing the cost of this solicitation. In addition to the use of the mails, proxies may be solicited personally or by telephone using the services of directors, officers and regular employees at nominal cost. Banks, brokerage firms and other custodians, nominees and fiduciaries will be reimbursed by us for expenses incurred in sending proxy material to beneficial owners of our ordinary shares.
2019 ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS AND NOMINATIONS
In order for any shareholder proposal or nominations to be presented at the annual general meeting of shareholders to be held in 2019 or to be eligible for inclusion in our proxy statement for such meeting, we must receive it at our principal executive offices by July 11, 2019. Each proposal should include the exact language of the proposal, a brief description of the matter and the reasons for the proposal, the name and address of the shareholder making the proposal and the disclosure of that shareholder's number of ordinary shares owned, length of ownership of the shares, representation that the shareholder will continue to own the shares through the shareholder meeting, intention to appear in person or by proxy at the shareholder meeting and material interest, if any, in the matter being proposed.
Shareholders who wish to recommend to our nominating committee a candidate for election to our board of directors should send their letters to Tecnoglass Inc., Avenida Circunvalar a 100 mts de la Vía, Barrio Las Flores Barranquilla, Colombia, Attention: Nominating Committee. Shareholders must follow certain procedures to recommend to our nominating committee candidates for election as directors. In general, in order to provide sufficient time to enable our nominating committee to evaluate candidates recommended by shareholders in connection with selecting candidates for nomination in connection with our annual general meeting of shareholders, we must receive the shareholder's recommendation no later than thirty days after the end of our fiscal year.
The recommendation must contain the following information about the candidate:
OTHER SHAREHOLDER COMMUNICATIONS WITH OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Our board of directors provides a process for shareholders and interested parties to send communications to the board. Shareholders and interested parties may communicate with our board of directors, any committee chairperson or the non-management directors as a group by writing to the board or committee chairperson in care of Tecnoglass Inc., Avenida Circunvalar a 100 mts de la Vía, Barrio Las Flores, Barranquilla, Colombia, Attention: Corporate Secretary. Each communication will be forwarded, depending on the subject matter, to the board of directors, the appropriate committee chairperson or all non-management directors. More information respecting communications with our board of directors may be found at investors.tecnoglass.com/contactboard.cfm.
DISCRETIONARY VOTING OF PROXIES
Pursuant to Rule 14a-4 promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission, shareholders are advised that our management will be permitted to exercise discretionary voting authority under proxies it solicits and obtains for our 2019 annual general meeting of shareholders with respect to any proposal presented by a shareholder at such meeting, without any discussion of the proposal in our proxy statement for such meeting, unless we receive notice of such proposal at our principal office in Barranquilla, Colombia, not later than July 11, 2019.
OTHER MATTERS
Our board of directors knows of no matter that will be presented for consideration at the meeting other than the matters referred to in this proxy statement. Should any other matter properly come before the meeting, it is the intention of the persons named in the accompanying proxy to vote the proxy in accordance with their best judgment.
By Order of the Board of Directors
/s/ A. Lorne Weil
A. Lorne Weil, Chairman of the Board
Barranquilla, Colombia
November 20, 2018
[BEGIN TABLE]
  TECNOGLASS                                           INC. Proxy Solicited          by the Board Of Directors for          Annual General Meeting of Shareholders to be held on December 12, 2018 
  TECNOGLASS                                           INC. Proxy Solicited          by the Board Of Directors for          Annual General Meeting of Shareholders to be held on December 12, 2018 
  TECNOGLASS                                           INC. Proxy Solicited          by the Board Of Directors for          Annual General Meeting of Shareholders to be held on December 12, 2018 
  TECNOGLASS                                           INC. Proxy Solicited          by the Board Of Directors for          Annual General Meeting of Shareholders to be held on December 12, 2018 
P The                                           undersigned shareholder(s) of TECNOGLASS INC., a Cayman Islands exempted company                                           ("Company"), hereby appoints Jose M. Daes, Christian T. Daes and                                           Santiago Giraldo, or any of them, with full power of substitution and to act without                                           the others, as the agents, attorneys and proxies of the undersigned, to vote the shares                                           standing in the name of the undersigned at the Company's Annual General Meeting                                           of Shareholders to be held on December 12, 2018 and at all adjournments thereof. This                                           proxy will be voted in accordance with the instructions given below. If no instructions                                           are given, this proxy will be voted FOR the election of Class B directors.  
[END TABLE]
 