 UNITED STATES  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  Washington, D.C. 20549  
 SCHEDULE 14A
Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of  the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No.          ) 
October 19, 2018 
Dear Fellow Stockholder: 
        We are pleased to invite you to attend our 2018 Annual Meeting on November 29, 2018, at 8:30 a.m. (central time) to be held at the Tuesday Morning Corporate Office, 6250 Lyndon B. Johnson Freeway, Dallas, Texas 75240. 
        We are excited about the momentum at Tuesday Morning. In fiscal year 2018, we crossed the $1.0 billion annual sales threshold for the first time in our 45 year history. We have made significant progress this past year. We continue to enhance our merchandise assortment and see improvements in inventory turn. We are pleased with our digital initiatives and brand campaign to drive new business and we continue to refine efficiencies in our supply chain. Your Board plays a key role in overseeing our progress and supporting our strategic initiatives. 
        Attached is our Notice of Annual Meeting. We have chosen to furnish our proxy statement and annual report to our stockholders over the internet, electronically by email for stockholders who have previously consented to electronic delivery or who have requested to receive the proxy materials by email or, upon request, in printed form by mail. Our proxy statement will instruct you how to vote your shares. Your vote is important. Thank you for your investment in Tuesday Morning. 
Sincerely, 
TUESDAY MORNING CORPORATION   6250 LBJ Freeway  Dallas, Texas 75240  
 NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS  To Be Held November 29, 2018  
        The 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the "Annual Meeting") of Tuesday Morning Corporation (the "Company") will be held at Tuesday Morning Corporation's Headquarters, 6250 LBJ Freeway, Dallas, Texas 75240, on November 29, 2018 at 8:30 a.m., central time. For directions to the Annual Meeting, please write to our Corporate Secretary at Tuesday Morning Corporation, 6250 LBJ Freeway, Dallas, Texas 75240. At the Annual Meeting, the Company will ask the stockholders to: 
        This Notice of Annual Meeting, the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting and our Annual Report for fiscal 2018 are being made available to our stockholders on or about October 19, 2018 on the internet, electronically by email for stockholders who have previously consented to electronic delivery or who have requested to receive the proxy materials by email or, upon request, in printed form by mail. 
        Only stockholders of record at the close of business on October 11, 2018 are entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the Annual Meeting or any postponement or adjournment thereof. If you are the beneficial owner of shares of our common stock held in "street name," you will receive voting instructions from your broker, bank or other nominee (the stockholder of record), which will provide you with details as to how to vote these shares. Additionally, you may vote these shares in person at the Annual Meeting if you have requested and received a legal proxy from your broker, bank or other nominee giving you the right to vote the shares at the Annual Meeting, and you complete the legal proxy and present it to us at the Annual Meeting. Stockholders of record may vote over the internet, by telephone, by mail if you received a printed set of proxy materials or in person at the Annual Meeting. 
        Under applicable rules, if you hold your shares in street name, brokers, banks or other nominees will not have discretion to vote these shares on the election of directors and the advisory vote on executive compensation. Accordingly, if your shares are held in street name and you do not submit voting instructions to your broker, bank or other nominee, these shares will not be counted in determining the outcome of these proposals at the Annual Meeting. We encourage you to provide voting instructions to your broker, bank or other nominee if you hold your shares in street name so that your voice is heard on these matters. 
        Thank you for your continued support of and interest in Tuesday Morning Corporation. 
[BEGIN TABLE]
    By Order of the Board of Directors, 
     Bridgett C. Zeterberg  Secretary 
[END TABLE]
Dallas, Texas  October 19, 2018 
    YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT         
        Your vote is important. We urge you to review the accompanying Proxy Statement carefully and to submit your proxy as soon as possible so that your shares will be represented at the meeting.
TUESDAY MORNING CORPORATION   6250 LBJ Freeway  Dallas, Texas 75240  
PROXY STATEMENT   for the   ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS   to be held on  Thursday, November 29, 2018  
        This Proxy Statement and the related proxy materials are being furnished to stockholders of Tuesday Morning Corporation, a Delaware corporation, on or about October 19, 2018, on the internet, electronically by email for stockholders who have previously consented to electronic delivery or who have requested to receive our proxy materials by email, or, upon request, in printed form by mail. The Board of Directors of the Company (the "Board of Directors" or the "Board") is soliciting your proxy for use at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on November 29, 2018, at 8:30 a.m., central time, at our corporate headquarters located at 6250 LBJ Freeway, Dallas, Texas 75240, and at any and all adjournments or postponements thereof (the "Annual Meeting"). For directions to the Annual Meeting, please write to our Corporate Secretary at Tuesday Morning Corporation, 6250 LBJ Freeway, Dallas, Texas 75240. At the Annual Meeting, our stockholders will act upon the matters outlined in the Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders and described in more detail in this Proxy Statement. 
        As used in this Proxy Statement, the terms "Tuesday Morning," "Company," "we," "us," and "our" refer to Tuesday Morning Corporation. 
   Important Notice Regarding Internet Availability  
        In accordance with rules adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), we may furnish proxy materials, including this Proxy Statement and the Company's 2018 Annual Report to Stockholders, by providing access to these documents on the internet instead of mailing a printed copy of our proxy materials to our stockholders. Based on this practice, most of our stockholders receive a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials (the "Notice"), which provides instructions for accessing our proxy materials on a website referred to in the Notice and for requesting to receive printed copies of the proxy materials by mail or electronically by email. 
        If you would like to receive a paper or email copy of our proxy materials for our Annual Meeting or for all future meetings, please follow the instructions for requesting such materials included in the Notice. Please note that if you previously requested or consented to delivery of our proxy materials by mail or electronically via email, you did not receive the separate Notice. Instead, we sent you a full set of our proxy materials, which includes instructions for voting on the proposals described in this Proxy Statement. We believe the delivery options that we have chosen allow us to provide our stockholders with the proxy materials they need, while lowering the cost of the delivery of such materials and reducing the environmental impact of printing and mailing paper copies.      PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY         
        This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this Proxy Statement. This summary does not contain all of the information that you should consider, and you should read the entire Proxy Statement carefully before voting.
   Annual Meeting Information      Annual Meeting Agenda and Voting Recommendations      Board Nominees  
        The following table provides summary information about each director nominee. 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Terry Burman(1)     72     2013   Retired Chief Executive Officer of Signet Jewelers Limited   Nominating and Governance (Chair) 
 Steven R. Becker        51        2012    Chief Executive Officer of Tuesday Morning Corporation    N/A 
 James T. Corcoran(2)        35        2017    Chief Executive Officer of Purple Mountain Capital Partners LLC    Audit, Nominating and Governance 
 Barry S. Gluck(2)        66        2017    Off-Price Retail Consultant and retired Executive Vice President of Merchandising, Marketing, and Store Planning and Allocation of Ross  Stores Inc.    Compensation, Nominating and Governance 
 Frank M. Hamlin(2)        50        2014    Chief Marketing Officer of GameStop Corporation    Audit, Compensation 
 Sherry M. Smith(2)        57        2014    Former Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of SUPERVALU, Inc.    Compensation (Chair) 
 Richard S Willis(2)        58        2012    Chief Executive Officer and President of Pharmaca Integrative Pharmacies    Audit (Chair), Nominating and Governance 
[END TABLE]
        William Montalto is retiring from the Board, effective immediately prior to the Annual Meeting. The Board thanks Mr. Montalto for his years of service to the Company. 
   Corporate Governance Highlights      Financial Review  
        In fiscal 2018, we continued to implement our strategy of improving store locations and the in-store experience for our customers, which included (i) closing less productive stores with limited foot traffic and relocating some of these stores to, or opening new stores in, better locations with footprints that are on average three to five thousand square feet larger, (ii) expanding some existing stores to a larger footprint, and (iii) improving the finishes in these relocated, new and expanded stores. We operated 726 stores in 40 states as of June 30, 2018. As part of the implementation of our real estate strategy, we opened 15 new stores in fiscal 2018 and relocated 45 stores. 
        Some of our fiscal 2018 business highlights include:
        During the fiscal year, we benchmarked our progress against our top priorities, which are regularly discussed at executive team meetings and are included in both job performance and compensation objectives. Many factors contributed to the positive tone of the business, including the following:    Executive Compensation Highlights  
        Our executive compensation philosophy is to pay for the creation of long-term value for our stockholders. Accordingly, our program is designed to reward performance linked to the creation of stockholder value and to support executive recruitment, engagement and retention. A significant portion of the executives' total direct compensation is based on the Company's performance and improving stockholder value. This philosophy is reflected in the design of both our short-term cash incentive program and our long-term equity incentive program. We believe that performance-based and equity compensation better aligns the interests of executives and stockholders. 
        Our pay for performance philosophy is evidenced by the payouts to our executives. As a result of our performance in fiscal 2018 and the strong emphasis that our executive compensation program places on performance-based compensation, the actual compensation realized by our NEOs in fiscal 2018, as well as in fiscal 2017, was significantly lower than our target levels of compensation. In fiscal 2018, our CEO and other executive officers did not receive a base pay increase or any payout under our short-term incentive programs. Also in fiscal 2018, as in fiscal 2017, the Compensation Committee chose to move from value-based dollar grants of long-term incentive equity to flat share amounts equal to the same number of shares awarded in fiscal 2017. As a result, CEO total compensation decreased by 39% from $2,100,796 in fiscal 2017 to $1,284,748 in fiscal 2018, as represented on the Summary Compensation Table. These decreased values of long-term equity awards have resulted in overall compensation levels to the NEOs that are significantly below market. 
        While our financial performance in fiscal 2018 did not meet the threshold levels for payouts under our incentive compensation programs, our Board and Compensation Committee believe our executive management team is implementing and executing a strategic plan that is positioning the Company for long-term success. We believe our improved performance over the Spring Period shows the positive momentum of our strategic plan and the benefits it is providing to the Company. In 2018, our  Compensation Committee carefully considered the challenges to maintaining this positive momentum, including the risks of attrition in the executive management team due to competitive pressures in the retail industry and competitive hiring pressures in the Dallas-Fort Worth area market. The Compensation Committee also considered the negative impacts on retention of maintaining lower than market target level compensation for our executive officers and the out of the money position of most outstanding long-term equity awards held by our executive team. 
        In order to maintain our positive momentum and recognizing the significant benefits of continuity, our Compensation Committee, after consultation with its independent compensation consultant, has taken several actions. First, our Compensation Committee approved retention agreements with the members of our executive team (other than our Chief Executive Officer) that will provide retention payments in exchange for each such officer's agreement to remain employed through December 31, 2019. The retention payments are tied to our fiscal year completion and critical upcoming two peak seasons with the majority of the payment occurring in 2020. Second, in connection with approving Mr. Becker's 2019 compensation, our Compensation Committee approved a one-time award to Mr. Becker, 50% of which will be paid in stock that will vest equally over four years and 50% of which will be paid in cash and will be payable only if the Company's stock price appreciates significantly. This award is intended to further focus our CEO on driving performance as measured directly by increases in our share price. These decisions demonstrate the Compensation Committee's commitment to its philosophy of providing executive compensation arrangements that will attract and retain an executive team that will create long-term value for our stockholders while making a substantial portion of pay dependent on our performance. 
        Some of the compensation "best practices" we employ in furtherance of our philosophy include: 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 ✓    What We Do        ✗  What We Don't Do  
 ✓    What We Do        ✗  What We Don't Do  
✓   Pay for performance culture, emphasis on performance-based compensation         ✗  No tax gross-up upon change-in-control 
✓   Pay for performance culture, emphasis on performance-based compensation         ✗  No tax gross-up upon change-in-control 
        ✓   Meaningful executive ownership guidelines that create a line of sight between stockholders and executive officers         ✗  No repricing of stock options and no liberal share recycling 
        ✓   Meaningful executive ownership guidelines that create a line of sight between stockholders and executive officers         ✗  No repricing of stock options and no liberal share recycling 
✓   Executive equity retention/holding requirements         ✗  No across-the-board pay increases 
✓   Executive equity retention/holding requirements         ✗  No across-the-board pay increases 
        ✓   Manage compensation risk by using a variety of financial metrics in pay programs and capping payouts         ✗  No formal non-qualified benefits or perquisite programs 
        ✓   Manage compensation risk by using a variety of financial metrics in pay programs and capping payouts         ✗  No formal non-qualified benefits or perquisite programs 
✓   Hedging/pledging and clawback policies         ✗  No hedging or pledging of stock 
✓   Hedging/pledging and clawback policies         ✗  No hedging or pledging of stock 
[END TABLE]
     QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE ANNUAL MEETING   AND VOTING PROCEDURES         
   Who Can Vote?  
        The record date for the Annual Meeting is October 11, 2018 (the "Record Date"). Only holders of record of shares of our common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the "Common Stock"), at the close of business on such date are entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the Annual Meeting. Holders of record of Common Stock are entitled to one vote per share on the matters to be considered at the Annual Meeting. At the close of business on the Record Date, 45,946,656 shares of Common Stock were issued and outstanding and the holders thereof are entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting. 
   What Constitutes a Quorum?  
        In order for any business to be conducted at the Annual Meeting, the holders of at least a majority of the shares of our Common Stock entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting must be represented at the Annual Meeting, either in person or by proxy. Proxies received but marked as abstentions and broker non-votes (which are described below) will be considered present at the Annual Meeting for purposes of determining a quorum at the Annual Meeting. Although it is not expected, if holders of less than a majority of the shares of our Common Stock are present or represented by proxy at the Annual Meeting, we may adjourn and reschedule the Annual Meeting, without notice other than announcement at the Annual Meeting, until a quorum is present or represented. 
   How Do I Vote My Shares?  
        If you are a stockholder of record, you cannot vote your shares of Common Stock unless you are present at the Annual Meeting or you have previously given your proxy. Written ballots will be provided to anyone who wants to vote in person at the Annual Meeting and is entitled to do so. You can vote by proxy in one of three convenient ways:
        Stockholders of record may vote their shares by telephone or over the internet 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Telephone and internet votes must be received by 11:59 p.m. Eastern time on November 28, 2018 and votes by mail must be received on or before the Annual Meeting.
        If your shares of Common Stock are held in "street name" by a broker, bank or other nominee, you should have received different voting instructions from your broker, bank or other nominee as to how to vote such shares. These instructions should indicate if internet or telephone voting is available and, if so, provide details regarding how to use those systems to vote your shares. Additionally, you may vote these shares in person at the Annual Meeting if you have requested and received a legal proxy from your broker, bank or other nominee (the stockholder of record) giving you the right to vote these shares in person at the Annual Meeting.     What Is the Recommendation of the Board of Directors?  
        The Board unanimously recommends that you vote (1) "FOR" the election of each of the Board's director nominees, (2) "FOR" the approval, on an advisory basis, of the Company's executive compensation, and (3) "FOR" the ratification of the selection of Ernst & Young LLP ("Ernst & Young") as our independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal 2019. 
   How Will the Proxies Be Voted?  
        Where stockholders have appropriately specified how their proxies are to be voted, they will be voted accordingly. If a properly executed proxy does not indicate any voting instructions, the shares of Common Stock represented by such proxy will be voted as follows:
        If the Company proposes to adjourn the Annual Meeting, the proxy holders will vote all shares for which they have voting authority in favor of such adjournment. The Board of Directors is not presently aware of any matters other than those stated in the Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders and described in this Proxy Statement to be presented for consideration of the Company's stockholders at the Annual Meeting. 
   Why Did I Receive Multiple Proxy Cards?  
        Many of our stockholders hold their shares in more than one account and may receive separate proxy cards or voting instruction forms for each of those accounts. To ensure that all of your shares are represented at the Annual Meeting, we recommend that you vote every proxy card that you receive. 
   How May I Change My Vote or Revoke My Proxy?  
        If you are a stockholder of record, you may change your vote or revoke your proxy at any time before it is exercised by:
        If your shares are held in "street name" through a broker, bank or other nominee, you must contact your broker, bank or nominee to receive instructions as to how to revoke your proxy if such instructions have not already been provided to you. In any case, your last properly-received and timely voted proxy or ballot will be the vote that is counted.     How Do I Vote My Shares Held in Street Name?  
        If you are the beneficial owner of shares held in "street name" and do not submit voting instructions to your broker, bank or other nominee, under the applicable rules the broker, bank or other nominee that holds your shares may use its discretion in voting your shares with respect to "routine items" but not with respect to "non-routine items." On non-routine items for which you do not submit voting instructions to your broker, bank or other nominee, these shares will not be voted and will be treated as "broker non-votes." The proposal to ratify the selection of Ernst & Young as our independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal 2019 is considered a routine item and therefore may be voted upon by your broker, bank or other nominee if you do not provide voting instructions on this proposal. However, the election of directors and the advisory vote on executive compensation are considered non-routine items. Accordingly, if your shares are held in "street name" and you do not provide voting instructions to your broker, bank or other nominee, these shares will not be counted in determining the outcome of these proposals at the Annual Meeting. We encourage you to provide voting instructions to your broker, bank or other nominee if you hold your shares in "street name" so that your voice is heard on these matters. 
   How Many Votes Must Each Proposal Receive to be Adopted?  
        Assuming the presence of a quorum, the following vote is required for each proposal: stockholders, which the Audit Committee will take into consideration in future deliberations. If the selection of Ernst & Young as the Company's independent registered public accounting firm is not ratified at the Annual Meeting, the Audit Committee may consider the engagement of another independent registered public accounting firm, but will not be obligated to do so. Abstentions are considered to be "present" and "entitled to vote" at the Annual Meeting with respect to this proposal, and as a result, abstentions will have the same effect as a vote against this proposal. As discussed above, under applicable rules, brokers, banks and other nominees may use their discretion to vote shares of Common Stock held in "street name" for which voting instructions are not submitted with respect to the ratification of the selection of Ernst & Young, so no broker non-votes are expected for this proposal. 
   Who Is Soliciting this Proxy?  
        The Board of Directors is soliciting this proxy. The Company will bear the cost of the solicitation of proxies by the Board of Directors. The Company's directors and certain of the Company's officers and employees in the ordinary course of their employment may solicit proxies by mail, internet, telephone, facsimile, personal contact, email or other online methods. We will reimburse their expenses in connection therewith. We also will reimburse banks, brokers, custodians, nominees or fiduciaries for reasonable expenses they incur in sending these proxy materials to you if you are a beneficial holder of our shares. Other proxy solicitation expenses that we will pay include those for preparing, mailing, returning and tabulating proxies. 
        The costs of soliciting proxies pursuant to this Proxy Statement will be paid by the Company. Solicitation may be made in person or by telephone, email, mail or facsimile by our directors, officers or employees. 
   How May I Attend the Annual Meeting?  
        All stockholders as of the Record Date, or their duly appointed proxies, may attend the Annual Meeting. Please note that if you hold your shares in "street name" through a broker, bank or other nominee you will need to bring a legal proxy from your broker, bank or other nominee (the stockholder of record) or a brokerage statement reflecting your stock ownership as of the Record Date and check in at the registration desk at the Annual Meeting. 
   When Will the Voting Results Be Announced?  
        The preliminary voting results are expected to be announced at or shortly following the Annual Meeting. We will report the final voting results, or the preliminary voting results if the final voting results are unavailable, in a Current Report on Form 8-K to be filed with the SEC within four business days after the Annual Meeting. You may obtain a copy of this Form 8-K by visiting the SEC's website at www.sec.gov or our website at  www.tuesdaymorning.com, under "Investor Relations—Financial Info—SEC Filings." 
    PROPOSAL NO. 1   ELECTION OF DIRECTORS         
        At the Annual Meeting, the holders of Common Stock as of the Record Date will consider and vote upon the election of seven directors. The Board has nominated Terry Burman, Steven R. Becker, James T. Corcoran, Barry S. Gluck, Frank M. Hamlin, Sherry M. Smith, and Richard S Willis for election as directors of the Company. Each of Terry Burman, Steven R. Becker, James T. Corcoran, Barry S. Gluck, Frank M. Hamlin, Sherry M. Smith, and Richard S Willis are currently serving as our directors, and each has agreed to stand for re-election to our Board. William Montalto is retiring from  the Board, effective immediately prior to the Annual Meeting, at which time the size of the Board will be reduced to seven. The Board thanks Mr. Montalto for his years of service to the Company. 
        If they are elected, each of the nominees will continue to serve until their successors are duly elected and qualified at the next annual meeting of stockholders, or until their earlier death, resignation or removal. Should any nominee become unable or unwilling to accept nomination for election, which is not currently anticipated, the Board may designate a substitute nominee or reduce the number of directors accordingly. The proxy holders will vote for any substitute nominee designated by the Board. Each of the Board's nominees has indicated his or her willingness to serve the full term. 
        The following is biographical information about each of the nominees to the Board of Directors, including the specific experience, qualifications, attributes and skills of the nominees that led to the conclusion that each of the nominees should serve as a director of the Company, in light of the Company's business and structure: 
        Terry Burman, age 72, joined the Board of Tuesday Morning as a director in February 2013, and has served as Chairman of the Board of the Company since December 2015. Prior to that, Mr. Burman served as Lead Independent Director and a member of the Office of the Chairman from September 2015 to December 2015. Mr. Burman has served as the Non-Executive Chairman of the Board of Abercrombie & Fitch Co., a clothing retailer since February 2018 and prior to that as Lead Independent Director since May 2017 and on the board of directors of Abercrombie & Fitch Co., since January 2014. He has been a director of Learning Care Group, a privately-held company operating over 900 learning and daycare centers in the United States, since July 2014. He has been a board member of the St. Jude Children's Research Hospital Board of Governors since July 2004 and served as Chairman of the Board from July 2013 to June 2015. Mr. Burman has also served as a board member of ALSAC, the fundraising organization of St. Jude, since July 2004 and on the Board of Trustees of the Norman Rockwell Museum since September 2016. From March 2001 to January 2011, Mr. Burman was the Chief Executive Officer of Signet Jewelers Limited ("Signet"), a specialty jewelry retailer. Mr. Burman joined Signet in 1995 as the Chairman and CEO of Sterling Jewelers, Inc., a U.S. division of Signet. Mr. Burman also served on the board of directors of Signet until January 2011. Mr. Burman served on the board of directors of YCC Holdings LLC, a retailer of candles, fragrances and other products, from October 2007 until it was acquired in October 2013, and served as chairman of the board and a director of Zale Corporation, a jewelry retailer, from May 2013 until it was acquired in May 2014. Prior to joining Signet, Mr. Burman held various senior executive positions of increasing responsibility with Barry's Jewelers, Inc., which now does business as Samuels Jewelers, from 1980 to 1995, including President and Chief Executive Officer from 1993 to 1995. Prior to that, Mr. Burman was a partner with Roberts Department Stores, a regional department store chain specializing in apparel. In nominating Mr. Burman to serve as a director of the Company, the Board of Directors considered his extensive executive, financial and management expertise and experience, his experience as a chief executive officer in the retail industry, his significant international management experience, and his general business and financial acumen. 
        Steven R. Becker, age 51, has served as a director of Tuesday Morning since July 2012 and was appointed its Chief Executive Officer in December 2015. Prior to becoming CEO of Tuesday Morning, Mr. Becker served as Chairman of the Board of the Company from July 2012 until September 2015 and as Executive Chairman and head of the Office of the Chairman from September 2015 until December 2015. Prior to becoming CEO of Tuesday Morning, Mr. Becker spent 20 years in the investment management industry with a focus on investing in middle market public companies. Mr. Becker has extensive public company board experience having previously served as a board member at a variety of public companies including, Hot Topic, Inc., an apparel retailer, Ruby Tuesday, a national restaurant company, Emcore, a semiconductor producer, Plato Learning, an educational software Company, Pixelworks, a semiconductor producer, Fuel Systems Solutions, a manufacturer of alternative energy systems, and Special Diversified Opportunities, a holding company that owns  businesses in a variety of industries, among others. Prior to becoming CEO of Tuesday Morning, Mr. Becker was the co-managing partner at Becker Drapkin Asset Management, whose predecessor, Greenway Capital, he founded in 2005. From 1997 to 2004, Mr. Becker was a partner at Special Situations Funds, a New York City-based asset manager. Prior to joining Special Situations Funds, Mr. Becker was a part of the distressed debt and leveraged equities research team at Bankers Trust Securities. Mr. Becker began his career at Manley Fuller Asset Management in New York as a small cap analyst. In nominating Mr. Becker to serve as a director of the Company, the Board of Directors considered the insights Mr. Becker brings through his prior service as a director of our Company, his demonstrated leadership and experience as our Chief Executive Officer and his extensive financial experience, in both public and private companies, which provides the Board with valuable expertise in corporate finance, strategic planning, and corporate governance. 
        James T. Corcoran, age 35, has served as a director of Tuesday Morning since 2017. He has served as the founder and Chief Executive Officer of Purple Mountain Capital Partners LLC, a private investment firm, since June 2017. Prior to founding Purple Mountain Capital Partners LLC, he served as a Principal at Highfields Capital Management, a value-oriented investment management firm in Boston, from 2010 to 2016. Mr. Corcoran worked as an investment banking analyst for Credit Suisse (USA), Inc. in its leveraged finance and restructuring group, from 2006 to 2008, in addition to working in its hedge funds investment group, from 2005 to 2006. Mr. Corcoran received his MBA from the Harvard Business School and his AB with honors in Economics and Political Science from the University of Chicago and is a CFA charter holder. Mr. Corcoran was nominated by the Board pursuant to the terms of a Cooperation Agreement entered into with certain Company stockholders to settle a contested election for directors at the 2017 annual meeting of stockholders for the Company. See "Cooperation Agreement" below for additional information. 
        Barry S. Gluck, age 66, has served as a director of Tuesday Morning since January 2017. Mr. Gluck served in various senior management positions with Ross Stores Inc. ("Ross") from 1989 to 2007, most recently as Executive Vice President of Merchandising, Marketing and Store Planning and Allocation. Prior to joining Ross, Mr. Gluck was with Today's Man as Vice President, General Merchandise Manager and Chief Merchandising Officer and with Macy's Department Stores as Vice President Divisional Merchandising Manager. Since 2012, Mr. Gluck has served as the Founder and Managing Director of Gluck Consulting LLC, a management consultant group which focuses primarily on off-price/value channels. In nominating Mr. Gluck to serve as a director of the Company, the Board considered his 30-years of off-price and value channel experience, his extensive executive, marketing and management expertise having served as a chief merchandising officer in the retail industry, and his general business and financial acumen. 
        Frank M. Hamlin, age 50, has served as a director of Tuesday Morning since April 2014. Mr. Hamlin is currently the Chief Marketing Officer of GameStop Corporation ("GameStop"), a global, multichannel video game, consumer electronics and wireless services retailer. Mr. Hamlin had previously served as Chief Marketing Officer of GameStop from June 2014 to August 2016. Mr. Hamlin served as Chief Marketing Officer of Spence Diamonds from May 2018 to August 14, 2018 and as Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer for Tailored Brands, Inc., a leading national menswear retailer from September 2017 to May 2018. Mr. Hamlin previously served as Executive Vice President and GM, Marketing and E-Commerce of Guitar Center, Inc., a musical instruments retailer, from June 2010 until May 2014, and as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of E-Miles, LLC, an interactive marketing company, from February 2007 to June 2010. From July 2004 until February 2007, he was Director of Marketing, Central Market Division for H.E. Butt Grocery, a fresh, specialty and prepared foods retailer. Prior to that time, Mr. Hamlin held various positions with Brierley & Partners, E-Rewards, Inc., Arista Records and The Walt Disney Company. In nominating Mr. Hamlin to serve as a director of the Company, the Board of Directors  considered the various senior executive-level positions he has held with retail service companies, as well as his extensive experience in marketing, branding strategy and customer engagement. 
        Sherry M. Smith, age 57, has served as a director of Tuesday Morning since April 2014. Ms. Smith served in various positions with SUPERVALU, Inc., a grocery retailer and food distributor, from 1987 to 2013. Ms. Smith served as Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Supervalu Inc. from December 2010 until August 2013, and she previously served as Senior Vice President, Finance from 2006 until 2010, Senior Vice President, Finance and Treasurer from 2002 until 2005, and in various other capacities with SUPERVALU, Inc. prior to 2002. Prior to joining SUPERVALU, Inc., Ms. Smith held various positions with McGladrey LLP, a public accounting firm. Ms. Smith has served on the board of directors of Deere & Company, a manufacturer and distributor of agricultural, turf, construction and forestry equipment, since December 2011, and currently serves as a member of the audit committee and finance committee. Ms. Smith has also served on the board of directors of Realogy Holdings Corporation since December 2014, and currently serves on its audit committee. Ms. Smith has served on the board of directors of Piper Jaffrey Corp since January 2016, and currently serves on its compensation committee and audit committee. Since January 2015, Ms. Smith has served on the Financial Accounting Standards Advisory Council (FASAC), a group that advises the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) on strategic issues, project priorities and other matters. In nominating Ms. Smith to serve as a director of the Company, the Board of Directors considered her leadership qualities developed from her experience while serving as a senior executive and as Chief Financial Officer of SUPERVALU, Inc., the breadth of her experiences in auditing, finance, accounting, compensation, strategic planning, and other areas of oversight, and her subject matter knowledge in the areas of finance and accounting and other board experience. 
        Richard S Willis, age 58, has served as a director of Tuesday Morning since July 2012. Since January 2016, Mr. Willis has served as the Chief Executive Officer, President and a Director of Pharmaca Integrative Pharmacies, an innovative retail pharmacy that combines traditional pharmacy services with natural health and beauty products and expert practitioners. From September 2011 through December 2015, Mr. Willis served as the President and Chief Executive Officer and as a director of Speed Commerce, Inc. (formerly Navarre Corporation), one of the nation's largest omni channel, pure play, end-to-end e-commerce solution providers. Mr. Willis previously served as the Executive Chairman of Charlotte Russe, a mall-based specialty retailer of fashionable, value-priced apparel and accessories, from January 2011 to September 2011. From 2009 to 2011, Mr. Willis served as President of Shoes for Crews, a seller of slip resistant footwear. From 2003 to 2007, Mr. Willis was President and Chief Executive Officer of Baker & Taylor Corporation, a global distributor of books, DVDs and music. Previously, Mr. Willis served as Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Troll Communications and President and Chief Executive Officer of Bell Sports. Mr. Willis served four terms as Chairman of the Board of Regents at Baylor University. In nominating Mr. Willis to serve as a director of the Company, the Board of Directors considered his considerable executive leadership experience across multiple industries, including distribution businesses that serve retailers and their suppliers, and his significant expertise in operating businesses and directing transformative plans, including executive level experiences of more than 20 years in retail and manufacturing industries. 
        The Board of Directors unanimously recommends that you vote "FOR" the election of each of the Board's nominees.
    PROPOSAL NO. 2   ADVISORY VOTE ON EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION         
        As required by Section 14A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), the Company is asking stockholders to approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation for the named executive officers ("NEOs") disclosed in these materials. This proposal, commonly referred to  as a "say on pay" proposal, gives stockholders the opportunity to express their views on the compensation of the NEOs. 
        The vote on this resolution is not intended to address any specific element of compensation. Rather, the vote relates to the compensation of our NEOs, as described in this Proxy Statement in accordance with the compensation disclosure rules of the SEC. The vote is advisory, which means that the vote is not binding on the Company, our Board of Directors or the Compensation Committee of the Board. The Company currently submits the compensation of NEOs to an advisory vote of stockholders on an annual basis. 
        As described in more detail below under the heading "Executive Compensation—Compensation Discussion and Analysis," our executive compensation program is designed to motivate our executives to create a successful company. We believe that our compensation program, with its balance of short-term incentives (including performance-based cash bonus awards) and long-term incentives (including equity awards that vest over certain time periods and performance-based equity awards), rewards sustained performance that is aligned with long-term stockholder interests. Please read the "Compensation Discussion and Analysis," compensation tables and narrative discussion sections of this Proxy Statement below for additional details about our executive compensation program, including information about the fiscal 2018 compensation of our NEOs. 
        We believe a significant amount of total compensation should be in the form of short-term and long-term incentive awards to align compensation with our financial and operational performance goals as well as individual performance goals. We continually evaluate the individual elements of our executive compensation program in light of market conditions and governance requirements and make changes where appropriate for our business. We believe that the core of our executive compensation program provides opportunities to reward high levels of individual and Company performance and will help drive the creation of sustainable stockholder value. 
        The Compensation Committee, which is responsible for determining the compensation of our executive officers, is comprised solely of non-employee directors who satisfy the independence requirements under NASDAQ rules and will continue to emphasize responsible compensation arrangements that attract, retain, and motivate high caliber executives to achieve the Company's business strategies and objectives. 
        Accordingly, we ask our stockholders to vote on the following resolution at the Annual Meeting: 
        "RESOLVED, that the Company's stockholders approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation paid to the Company's NEOs, as disclosed pursuant to Item 402 of Regulation S-K, including the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, compensation tables and narrative discussion." 
        The Board of Directors unanimously recommends that you vote "FOR" the approval of the compensation of the Company's NEOs, as disclosed in this Proxy Statement.
    PROPOSAL NO. 3   RATIFICATION OF SELECTION OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED   PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM         
        On September 26, 2018, the Audit Committee selected Ernst & Young as the Company's independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2019. Although SEC regulations and the NASDAQ listing requirements require the Company's independent registered public accounting firm to be engaged, retained and supervised by the Audit Committee, the selection is being submitted for ratification at the Annual Meeting with a view towards soliciting the opinion of the Company's stockholders, which the Audit Committee will take into consideration in future deliberations. If the selection of Ernst & Young as the Company's independent registered public accounting firm is not ratified at the Annual Meeting, the Audit Committee may consider the  engagement of another independent registered public accounting firm, but will not be obligated to do so. The Audit Committee may terminate the engagement of Ernst & Young as the Company's independent registered public accounting firm without the approval of the Company's stockholders if the Audit Committee deems termination to be necessary or appropriate. The Company expects that representatives of Ernst & Young will be present at the Annual Meeting to respond to appropriate questions and will have an opportunity to make a statement if they desire to do so. 
        The Board of Directors unanimously recommends that you vote "FOR" the ratification of the selection of Ernst & Young as the Company's independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2019.
    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE         
   Director Nomination  
        The Nominating and Governance Committee of the Board of Directors is responsible for providing oversight as to the identification, selection and qualification of candidates to serve as directors of the Company and will recommend to the Board candidates for election or re-election as directors (or to fill any vacancies on the Board). The members of the Nominating and Governance Committee are Terry Burman, as Chair, Richard S Willis, Barry S. Gluck and James T. Corcoran. Each of the members of the Nominating and Governance Committee is an independent director under applicable NASDAQ rules. The Nominating and Governance Committee Charter is available on the Company's website at  www.tuesdaymorning.com under "Investor Relations—Corporate Governance—Corporate Governance Documents." The Nominating and Governance Committee Charter is also available in print to any stockholder who requests a copy from the Secretary of the Company at 6250 LBJ Freeway, Dallas, Texas 75240. 
        In identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the Nominating and Governance Committee will take into account the following attributes and qualifications: (1) relevant knowledge and mix of background and experience; (2) personal and professional ethics, integrity and professionalism; (3) accomplishments in their respective fields; (4) the skills and expertise to make a significant contribution to the Board, the Company and its stockholders; and (5) whether the candidate has any of the following qualities: financial expertise, general knowledge of the retail industry, and Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer or other senior management experience. In addition, although the Nominating and Governance Committee does not have a formal diversity policy in place for the director nomination process, diversity is an important factor in the Nominating and Governance Committee's consideration and assessment of a candidate, with diversity being broadly construed to mean a variety of opinions, perspectives, experiences and backgrounds, including gender, race and ethnicity differences, as well as other differentiating characteristics, all in the context of the requirements of the Board at that point in time. In addition, no person may be considered as a candidate for nomination as a director of the Company if (i) during the last ten years, that person, or any of his or her affiliates, has been convicted in a criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations or similar misdemeanors), or is currently under investigation for same or (ii) during the last ten years, that person, or any of his or her affiliates, was a party to a civil proceeding of a judicial or administrative body of competent jurisdiction as a result of which that person, or any of his or her affiliates, was or is subject to a judgment, decree or final order enjoining future violations of, or prohibiting or mandating activities subject to, federal or state securities laws on finding any violation with respect to such laws, or is currently under investigation for same. In addition, the Nominating and Governance Committee will recommend to the Board candidates for re-election as directors. The Nominating and Governance Committee may conduct all necessary and appropriate inquiries into the backgrounds and qualifications of potential candidates. There are no specific or minimum qualities a candidate must have to be recommended as a director nominee by the Nominating and Governance Committee.          The process for evaluating candidates is the same regardless of the source of the recommendation. The Nominating and Governance Committee will not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, gender, religion or disability in selecting nominees. In addition to those candidates identified through its own internal processes, the Nominating and Governance Committee will evaluate a candidate proposed by any single stockholder (or group of stockholders) that beneficially owns our Common Stock provided that the information regarding the potential candidate or candidates has been timely given to the Company. In order to be considered by the Nominating and Governance Committee for evaluation for an upcoming annual meeting of stockholders, a notice from a stockholder regarding a potential candidate must be sent to the Company's Secretary at the Company's headquarters by the date specified in the "Stockholders' Proposals" section of the previous year's proxy statement for notice of the intention to nominate directors at the meeting. The notice should set forth (a) as to each person whom the stockholder proposes as a potential candidate for director, (i) the name, age, business address and residence address of such person, (ii) the principal occupation or employment of such person, (iii) the class and number of shares of the Company that are beneficially owned by such person, and (iv) any other information relating to such person that is required to be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for election of directors, or is otherwise required, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act (including without limitation such person's written consent to being named in the proxy statement as a nominee and to serving as a director if elected); and (b) as to the stockholder giving the notice, (i) the name and address of the stockholder of record, as they appear on the Company's books, of the beneficial owners, if any, and, if such stockholder or beneficial owner is an entity, the persons controlling such entity, proposing such nomination, (ii) the class and number of shares of the Company which are held of record and beneficially by such stockholder and control persons and a description of certain agreements, arrangements or understandings among the stockholder, beneficial owners or control persons (and a representation to notify the Company of any such agreements, arrangements or understandings in effect as of the record date of the meeting), (iii) a representation that the stockholder is entitled to vote at the meeting and intends to appear at the meeting in person or by proxy, and (iv) a representation whether the stockholder or the beneficial owner or control person, if any, will engage in a solicitation with respect to the nomination and, if so, certain information concerning the solicitation. All candidates (whether identified internally or by a stockholder) who, after evaluation and recommendation by the Nominating and Governance Committee, are then nominated by the Board will be included as the Board's recommended slate of director nominees in the Company's proxy statement. 
        In addition to submitting potential candidates for consideration by the Nominating and Governance Committee, any stockholder of the Company may nominate one or more individuals for election as a director of the Company at an annual meeting of stockholders if the stockholder sends a notice to the Company's Secretary at the Company's headquarters, in the form specified in the Bylaws, by the date specified in the "Stockholders' Proposals" section of the previous year's proxy statement for nomination of directors. The procedures described in the prior paragraph are meant to establish an additional means by which certain stockholders can have access to the Company's process for identifying and evaluating Board candidates and is not meant to replace or limit stockholders' general nomination rights in any way. 
        Each of the nominees for director was elected to serve as a director at the last annual meeting of stockholders. Mr. Corcoran was nominated to the Board at the last annual meeting of stockholders pursuant to the terms of a Cooperation Agreement described below. 
   Cooperation Agreement  
        Pursuant to the terms of a Cooperation Agreement, dated as of October 1, 2017 (the "Cooperation Agreement"), among the Company, Jeereddi II, LP, Purple Mountain Capital Partners LLC and certain of their affiliates, the Company agreed to nominate James T. Corcoran for  election to the Board at the 2017 Annual Meeting. Under the terms of the Cooperation Agreement, Mr. Corcoran will offer his resignation to the Board if at any time the Jeereddi/PMCP Group no longer beneficially owns at least 533,344 shares of the Company's common stock (subject to adjustment for stock splits, reclassifications, combinations and similar adjustments, the "Minimum Ownership Threshold"). In addition, so long as the Jeereddi/PMCP Group meets the Minimum Ownership Threshold, the Jeereddi/PMCP Group will be entitled to certain replacement rights during the Standstill Period (as defined below) in the event Mr. Corcoran is unable to serve as a director. 
        Also under the terms of the Cooperation Agreement, Jeereddi II agreed to irrevocably withdraw its notice of nomination of candidates for election at the 2017 Annual Meeting. In addition, each member of the Jeereddi/PMCP Group agreed that it will not, directly or indirectly, (i) nominate or recommend for nomination any person for election at the 2018 Annual Meeting, (ii) submit proposals for consideration or otherwise bring any business before the 2018 Annual Meeting, or (iii) engage in certain activities related to "withhold" or similar campaigns with respect to the 2018 Annual Meeting. 
        The Cooperation Agreement also provides that at the 2018 Annual Meeting, each member of the Jeereddi/PMCP Group will cause all shares of the Company's common stock beneficially owned by them to be present and voted (i) in favor of all of the directors nominated for election by the Board, (ii) in favor of the appointment of the Company's independent registered accounting firm for the years ended June 30, 2019, respectively, and (iii) in accordance with the Board's recommendation with respect to the Company's "say-on-pay" proposal, provided, however, that to the extent that the recommendation of both Institutional Shareholder Services Inc. ("ISS") and Glass Lewis & Co., LLC ("Glass Lewis") differs from the Board's recommendation with respect to any matter other than nominees for election as directors to the Board, the Jeereddi/PMCP Group shall have the right to vote in accordance with the recommendation of ISS and Glass Lewis with respect to such matters. 
        Further, under the terms of the Cooperation Agreement, each member of the Jeereddi/PMCP Group agreed to certain normal and customary standstill provisions during a standstill period, which is defined as the period beginning on the date of the Cooperation Agreement and through the later of (x) the date that is the first day to submit stockholder nominations for the 2019 annual meeting of stockholders pursuant to the Company's Bylaws (the "2019 Advance Notice Date") and (y) the date that Mr. Corcoran no longer serves on the Board; provided, however, that if Mr. Corcoran resigns for any reason prior to the 2019 Advance Notice Date, the Standstill Period shall continue until the 2019 Advance Notice Date (the "Standstill Period"). 
        Among other things, the standstill provisions provide that, during the Standstill Period, each member of the Jeereddi/PMCP Group will not, among other things, solicit proxies or consents regarding any matter to come before any annual or special meeting of stockholders, or enter into a voting agreement or any group with stockholders other than affiliates of the Jeereddi/PMCP Group and current group members. In addition, each member of the Jeereddi/PMCP Group will not seek to make, or encourage any third party in making, any offer or proposal with respect to any tender offer, merger, acquisition, amalgamation, recapitalization, restructuring, disposition, spin-off, asset sale, joint venture or other business combination involving the Company and will not seek, or encourage any person, to submit nominees in furtherance of a contested solicitation for the election or removal of directors. 
        Each of the parties also agreed to certain mutual non-disparagement obligations, and the Company agreed to reimburse the Jeereddi/PMCP Group for its reasonable, documented out-of-pocket fees and expenses, including legal expenses, occurred in connection with the matters related to the negotiation and execution of the Cooperation Agreement, up to a maximum of $25,000. 
   Director Independence  
        NASDAQ listing standards require our Board of Directors to be comprised of at least a majority of independent directors. For a director to be considered independent, the Board must determine that  the director does not have any direct or indirect material relationship with the Company which would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out of his or her responsibilities as a director. Based on the independence standards prescribed by NASDAQ, our Board has affirmatively determined that six of the eight current directors are independent. Mr. Becker is not independent due to his relationship with the Company as Chief Executive Officer. The Board determined that Mr. Montalto is not independent due to the services that he provided to the Company between August 2015 and October 2016 in various capacities. In determining that Mr. Burman is independent, our Board considered his prior service as a member and Vice Chairman of the Office of the Chairman as described below, and determined that such service would not interfere with his independence because he received no compensation for such service, served only in an advisory role and did not perform any management or executive functions. As prescribed by NASDAQ rules, the independent directors have regularly scheduled meetings without management present. 
   Independent Chairman of the Board  
        With the exception of a three-month period in 2015 following the retirement of the Company's chief executive officer, the Company has had different individuals serving as its Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board since 2000. Since December 2015, Mr. Burman has served as independent Chairman of the Board. The separation of the roles of Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer is designed to allow our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Becker, to focus on the day-to-day management of the Company's business and to allow our independent Chairman of the Board, Mr. Burman, to focus on the continued development of a high-performing Board, including (1) ensuring the Board remains focused on the Company's long-term strategic plans, (2) developing Board agendas, (3) working with Company management to ensure the Board has timely and adequate information, (4) coordinating Board committee activities, (5) supporting the Chief Executive Officer and (6) ensuring effective stakeholder communications. The Board recognizes the time, effort and energy that the Chief Executive Officer is required to devote to his position in the current business environment, as well as the commitment required to serve as our Chairman, particularly as the Board's oversight responsibilities continue to grow. The Board believes, due to the continued leadership and experience provided by these two individuals, that having separate positions is the appropriate leadership structure for the Company at this time and demonstrates our commitment to good corporate governance. 
   Board of Directors' Role in Risk Oversight  
        In the normal course of business, our Company faces a variety of enterprise risks, including operational risks, cyber security risks and liquidity risk. In fulfilling its risk oversight role, the Board focuses on the adequacy of the Company's risk management process and overall risk management system. The Board believes an effective risk management system will (1) adequately identify the material risks that the Company faces in a timely manner, (2) implement appropriate risk management strategies that are responsive to the Company's risk profile and specific material risk exposures, (3) integrate consideration of risk and risk management into business decision-making throughout the Company and (4) include policies and procedures that adequately transmit necessary information with respect to material risks to senior executives and, as appropriate, to the Board or relevant committee. 
        The Board of Directors oversees the Company's strategic direction and its policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management, as well as major risk exposures and the process used to manage those exposures. Accordingly, the Board of Directors periodically reviews the risks associated with the various departments within the Company, in addition to its other duties. The Board of Directors receives information from Board committees, management and advisors regarding the Company's risk management process and system, the nature of the material risks the Company faces and the adequacy of the Company's policies and procedures designed to respond to and mitigate these risks.     Communication with the Board of Directors  
        Stockholders may communicate with one or more members of the Board in writing by regular mail. The following address may be used by stockholders who wish to send such communications: 
Board of Directors  c/o Secretary  Tuesday Morning Corporation  6250 LBJ Freeway  Dallas, Texas 75240 
        Such communication should be clearly marked "Stockholder-Board Communication." The communication must indicate whether it is meant to be distributed to the entire Board, a specific committee of the Board or to specific members of the Board, and must state the number of shares beneficially owned by the stockholder making the communication. The Secretary has the authority to disregard any inappropriate communications. If deemed an appropriate communication, the Secretary will submit such stockholder's correspondence to the Chairman of the Board (on behalf of the Board) or to any specific committee, director or directors to whom the correspondence is directed. 
   Code of Business Conduct  
        We have adopted a "Code of Business Conduct" that establishes the business conduct to be followed by all of our officers, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions (the "Senior Financial Officers"), and all of our employees and members of our Board and embodies the Company's principles and practices relating to the ethical conduct of the Company's business and its long-standing commitment to honesty, fair dealing and full compliance with all laws affecting the Company's business. This policy is reviewed by the Board annually. Amendments to and waivers from the Code of Conduct with respect to the Senior Financial Officers will be posted on our website within four business days after approval by the Board. Any waiver from the Code of Conduct with respect to our Senior Financial Officers requires approval by the Board. There were no waivers from the Code of Conduct with respect to the Senior Financial Officers during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2018. The Code of Conduct is available on the Company's website at www.tuesdaymorning.com under "Investor Relations—Corporate Governance—Corporate Governance Documents".      MEETINGS AND COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD         
   Board of Directors  
        Each director is expected to devote sufficient time, energy and attention to ensure diligent performance of his or her duties and to attend all Board, committee and stockholder's meetings. During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2018, the Board of Directors held seven meetings. Each of our directors attended more than 75% of the Board and committee meetings held during the fiscal year (or portion of the fiscal year during which he or she served as a director or committee member). Directors are encouraged to attend the Company's annual meeting of stockholders. All of the directors then serving on the Board attended the Company's 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders meeting held on November 15, 2017. 
   Committees of the Board  
        The Board has three standing committees to facilitate and assist the Board in the execution of its responsibilities. The committees are the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Nominating and Governance Committee. 
   Audit Committee  
        For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2018, the Audit Committee had three members and met eight times. Such members were Richard S Willis, as Chair, Frank M. Hamlin and James T. Corcoran, all of which were non-employee directors and all of whom the Board has determined are independent pursuant to the applicable NASDAQ rules and satisfy the SEC requirements relating to the independence of audit committee members. The Board also determined that all the members of the Audit Committee had the ability to read and understand fundamental financial statements. 
        For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2018, the Board of Directors determined that Mr. Willis qualified as an "audit committee financial expert" as defined by applicable SEC rules and designated him as the Company's audit committee financial expert. The Board has adopted a charter for the Audit Committee, which is available on the Company's website at  www.tuesdaymorning.com under "Investor Relations—Corporate Governance—Corporate Governance Documents." The Audit Committee Charter is also available in print to any stockholder who requests a copy from the Secretary of the Company at 6250 LBJ Freeway, Dallas, Texas 75240. 
        The Audit Committee's responsibilities, which are discussed in detail in its charter include, among other things, the duty and responsibility to:         The Audit Committee has authority under its charter to retain any independent counsel, experts or advisors (accounting, financial, legal or otherwise) that the Audit Committee believes to be necessary or appropriate to assist in the fulfillment of its responsibilities. At each meeting, the Audit Committee meets in executive session in which only independent directors are present. The Audit Committee also meets independently with the Company's independent registered public accounting firm. 
   Compensation Committee  
        The Compensation Committee has three members and met 12 times during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2018. The Compensation Committee is comprised solely of non-employee directors, all of whom the Board has determined are independent pursuant to applicable NASDAQ rules. 
        For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2018, the Compensation Committee was comprised of Sherry M. Smith, as Chair, Frank M. Hamlin and Barry S. Gluck. On October 4, 2017, Jimmie L. Wade, a director and member of the Compensation Committee, provided the Company with notice of his intention to retire and not to seek reelection as a director at the Company's 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. After the Company's 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, the Board appointed Barry S. Gluck to serve on the Compensation Committee. The Board adopted a charter for the Compensation Committee, which is available on the Company's website at www.tuesdaymorning.com under "Investor Relations—Corporate Governance—Corporate Governance Documents." The Compensation Committee Charter is also available in print to any stockholder who requests a copy from the Secretary of the Company at 6250 LBJ Freeway, Dallas, Texas 75240. 
        The Compensation Committee's responsibilities, which are discussed in detail in its charter include, among other things, the duty and responsibility to:
        The Compensation Committee also oversees the Company's stock ownership guidelines for non-employee directors and certain executive officers. 
        Compensation Committee meetings have been regularly attended by the Chief Executive Officer. At each meeting, the Compensation Committee meets in an executive session in which only independent directors are present. None of the executive officers are present during voting or deliberations on his or her compensation. 
        The Compensation Committee has authority under its charter to retain, approve fees for and terminate advisors, consultants and legal counsel as it deems necessary to assist in the fulfillment of its responsibilities. See "Executive Compensation—Compensation Discussion and Analysis—How Compensation Decisions Are Made—The Role of the Executive Compensation Consultant" below for more information regarding the role of the compensation consultant utilized by the Compensation  Committee. Prior to engaging any such advisor, consultant or legal counsel, the Compensation Committee conducts an independence assessment of such advisor pursuant to NASDAQ rules and federal securities laws and regulations, but the Compensation Committee retains discretion to engage any such advisor, without regard to its independence, after considering the findings in such assessment. The Compensation Committee also reviews and discusses with the appropriate officers of the Company any disclosures required under federal securities laws and regulations regarding conflicts of interest with respect to such advisors. 
   Nominating and Governance Committee  
        The Nominating and Governance Committee has four members and met four times during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2018. The Nominating and Governance Committee is comprised solely of non-employee directors, all of whom the Board has determined are independent pursuant to applicable NASDAQ rules. 
        The Nominating and Governance Committee is currently comprised of Terry Burman, as Chair, Richard S Willis, Barry S. Gluck and James T. Corcoran. The Board adopted a charter for the Nominating and Governance Committee, which is available on the Company's website at www.tuesdaymorning.com under "Investor Relations—Corporate Governance—Corporate Governance Documents." The Nominating and Governance Committee Charter is also available in print to any stockholder who requests a copy from the Secretary of the Company at 6250 LBJ Freeway, Dallas, Texas 75240. 
        The Nominating and Governance Committee's responsibilities, which are discussed in detail in its charter include, among other things, the duty and responsibility to:
        The Nominating and Governance Committee has authority under its charter to retain, approve fees for and terminate advisors, consultants and legal counsel as it deems necessary to assist in the fulfillment of its responsibilities.      Executive Compensation              Compensation Discussion and Analysis         
        This Compensation and Discussion Analysis provides a summary of our compensation policies, principals and practices. More specifically, it presents a review and analysis of fiscal 2018 earned compensation by our NEOs. This discussion analysis does include statements regarding Company and individual targets and goals which are disclosed in context of our compensation programs and are not intended to provide estimates of results or to provide other guidance. 
   Letter from Compensation Committee  
Dear Fellow Stockholders: 
        As members of the Compensation Committee, we have established and oversee an executive compensation program directly linked to performance and the creation of long-term value for our stockholders. The program is designed to reward performance linked to stockholder value and support executive recruitment, engagement and retention. 
        Our pay-for-performance philosophy is evidenced by the payouts to our executives. As a result of our performance in fiscal 2018 and the strong emphasis that our executive compensation program places on performance-based compensation, the actual compensation realized by our NEOs in fiscal 2018, as well as in fiscal 2017, was significantly lower than our target levels of compensation. In particular:
        While our financial performance in fiscal 2018 did not meet the threshold levels for payouts under our incentive compensation programs, our Board and Compensation Committee believe our executive management team is implementing and executing a strategic plan that is positioning the Company for long-term success. In fiscal 2018, we continued to implement our strategy of improving store locations and the in-store experience for our customers, which included (i) closing less productive stores with limited foot traffic and relocating some of these stores to, or opening new stores in, better locations with footprints that are on average three to five thousand square feet larger, (ii) expanding some existing stores to a larger footprint, and (iii) improving the finishes in these relocated, new and expanded stores. 
        We believe our improved performance over the Spring selling season shows the positive momentum of our strategic plan and the benefits it is providing to the Company. In 2018, our Compensation Committee carefully considered the challenges to maintaining this positive momentum, including the risks of attrition in the executive management team due to competitive pressures in the retail industry and competitive hiring pressures in the Dallas-Fort Worth area market, as well as the negative impacts on retention of continuing actual realized compensation being lower than target level  compensation for our executive officers and the significantly under water position of most outstanding long-term equity awards held by our executive team. 
        In order to maintain our positive momentum and recognizing the significant benefits of continuity, our Compensation Committee, after consultation with its independent compensation consultant, has taken several actions. First, our Compensation Committee approved retention agreements with the members of our executive team (other than our Chief Executive Officer) that will provide additional payments in exchange for each such officer's agreement to remain employed through December 31, 2019, taking us through two critical peak seasons. Second, in connection with approving Mr. Becker's 2019 compensation, our Compensation Committee approved a one-time award to Mr. Becker, 50% of which will be paid in stock that will vest equally over four years and 50% of which will be paid in cash and will be payable only if the Company experiences substantial stock price appreciation. These decisions demonstrate the Compensation Committee's commitment to it philosophy of providing executive compensation arrangements that will attract and retain an executive team that will create long-term value for our stockholders while making a substantial portion of pay dependent on our performance. 
        We held 12 Compensation Committee meetings during fiscal 2018, and the average Director attendance at these meetings of our current Compensation Committee member was 100%. We are engaged and take our responsibilities seriously in establishing and overseeing the executive compensation program. 
        We thank you for your continued support. 
   Compensation Committee Report  
        The Compensation Committee of the Company has reviewed and discussed the Compensation Discussion and Analysis required by Item 402(b) of Regulation S-K with management and, based on such review and discussions, the Compensation Committee has recommended to the Board that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in the Proxy Statement.     Fiscal 2018 Financial and Business Performance Review  
        While certain areas of the retail industry continue to be challenged by external market pressures, Tuesday Morning continues to make both financial and operational progress on its key initiatives. We achieved a number of milestones during the past fiscal year and had positive inflections in our performance metrics. Some of our financial and business highlights for the fiscal year include:
In a very competitive and challenging retail environment, we have been able to attract and retain a strong leadership team that has continued to be focused on making positive progress against our priorities: 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Financial Results   Achieve total sales projection 
 SG&A   Operate within the budget 
 Real Estate   Continue to drive performance in new and relocated stores while placing increased emphasis on legacy stores 
 Supply Chain   Continue to capitalize on efficiencies in distribution centers 
 Merchandising   Increase inventory turn; provide freshness in merchandise and brands 
 Marketing   Execute digital campaign; shift from print to digital 
[END TABLE]
   Our Compensation Philosophy  
        The connection between pay and performance continues to be a primary focus of our compensation philosophy. Our executive compensation program is directly linked to performance and the creation of long-term value for our stockholders. The program is designed to reward performance linked to the creation of stockholder value and to support executive recruitment, engagement, and retention. A significant portion of the executives' total direct compensation is based on the Company's performance and improving stockholder value. This philosophy is reflected in the design of both our short-term cash incentive program and our long-term equity incentive program. We believe that  performance-based and equity compensation better aligns the interests of executives and stockholders. We aim to reward short-term financial performance achievements through our cash incentive program, while long-term value creation is incentivized through our long-term equity incentive program. In addition, we have stock ownership guidelines for executives to ensure direct alignment of incentives with stockholders. 
        We consider a number of relevant factors when determining an individual executive's compensation package and manage total compensation around the median of the market as determined by analysis of our peer group and an evaluation of the broader retail industry. Our total compensation program is designed to attract and retain talented executives who are excited about and committed to our future success. 
        As a result of our performance in fiscal 2018 and the strong emphasis that our executive compensation program places on performance-based compensation, the actual compensation realized by our NEOs in fiscal 2018, as well as in fiscal 2017, was significantly lower than each individual executive's target compensation opportunity.
   Compensation Governance for Fiscal 2018  
     What We Do & What We Don't Do         
[BEGIN TABLE]
        ✓   Annual "Say on Pay" vote         ✗  No discretionary bonuses paid to NEOs when performance results are below threshold performance 
        ✓   Annual "Say on Pay" vote         ✗  No discretionary bonuses paid to NEOs when performance results are below threshold performance 
✓   Pay for performance culture, with an emphasis on performance-based compensation         ✗  No tax gross-up upon change-in-control 
✓   Pay for performance culture, with an emphasis on performance-based compensation         ✗  No tax gross-up upon change-in-control 
        ✓   Meaningful executive ownership guidelines that create a line of sight between stockholders and executive officers         ✗  No re-pricing of stock options and no liberal share recycling 
        ✓   Meaningful executive ownership guidelines that create a line of sight between stockholders and executive officers         ✗  No re-pricing of stock options and no liberal share recycling 
✓   Executive equity retention/holding requirements         ✗  No across-the-board pay increases 
✓   Executive equity retention/holding requirements         ✗  No across-the-board pay increases 
        ✓   Manage compensation risk by using a variety of financial metrics in pay programs and capping payouts         ✗  No formal non-qualified benefits or perquisite programs 
        ✓   Manage compensation risk by using a variety of financial metrics in pay programs and capping payouts         ✗  No formal non-qualified benefits or perquisite programs 
✓   Restrict hedging and pledging activities and employ clawback policies         ✗  No hedging or pledging of stock 
✓   Restrict hedging and pledging activities and employ clawback policies         ✗  No hedging or pledging of stock 
[END TABLE]
     EXECUTIVE OFFICERS         
   Our Named Executive Officers (NEOs)  
        Our NEOs remained consistent from fiscal 2017 to fiscal 2018. Our NEOs were: 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Steven R. Becker   Chief Executive Officer and President 
 Stacie R. Shirley   Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer 
 Phillip D. Hixon   Executive Vice President, Store Operations 
 Trent E. Taylor   Chief Information Officer and Executive Vice President, Supply Chain and Inventory Management 
 Belinda J. Byrd-Rohleder   Senior Vice President and General Merchandising Manager 
[END TABLE]
        The following sets forth certain information about our executive officers, other than Mr. Becker, our Chief Executive Officer, whose biographical information is included above under "Proposal No. 1—Election of Directors." 
   Stacie R. Shirley  
        Ms. Shirley, age 49 has served as the Company's Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer since January 2016. Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Shirley served as an executive officer of Neiman Marcus Group LTD LLC, a luxury fashion retailer, serving as Senior Vice President, Finance and Treasurer from September 2010 until December 2015 and Vice President, Finance and Treasurer from December 2001 until September 2010. In her most recent position with Neiman Marcus Group, Ms. Shirley's areas of responsibility included finance, capital markets and treasury operations, capital planning and forecasting, credit operations, investor relations, risk management and internal audit. Prior to joining Neiman Marcus Group, Ms. Shirley served in various capacities at CompUSA Inc. from 1993 to 2001, including serving as Vice President, Finance and Treasurer from 1999 to 2001. Ms. Shirley began her career as an accountant with Ernst & Young in 1990 and is a certified public accountant. 
   Phillip D. Hixon  
        Mr. Hixon, age 64, has served as the Company's Executive Vice President, Store Operations since September 2015 and served as a member of the Office of Chairman from September 2015 until the dissolution of that office in December 2015. From June 2014 to September 2015, Mr. Hixon served as the Company's Senior Vice President, Store Operations, and from September 2013 to June 2014, Mr. Hixon served as the Company's Vice President, Store Planning. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Hixon served as Vice President of Business Development of Merchco Services, Inc., a provider of retail store development and support services, from June 2012 until August 2013. From 2011 until 2012 and 2005 until 2006, Mr. Hixon owned and served as principal of Diversified Resources LLC, where he developed and implemented programs for clients in the areas of strategic planning, effective business practices, process enhancement and organizational effectiveness. From 2009 until 2011, Mr. Hixon served in the Department of Strategy and Innovation of Petco Animal Supplies Inc., a specialty retailer of pet supplies. From 2006 until 2009, Mr. Hixon held various executive positions with Duckwall-Alco Stores Inc., a retail chain, including Senior Vice President, Store Operations, Real Estate, Store Development and Senior Vice President, Merchandising. Mr. Hixon served as Vice President, Store Development for Michaels Stores, Inc., a national arts and crafts specialty retailer, from 1987 until 2005.     Trent E. Taylor  
        Mr. Taylor, age 61, has served as the Company's Chief Information Officer and Executive Vice President, Supply Chain and Inventory Management since March 2018. From June 2017 to February 2018, he served as the Company's Senior Vice President, Chief Information and Inventory Management Officer, from January 2017 to June 2017 as Senior Vice President, Chief Information Officer and Supply Chain Officer, and from April 2016 to January 2017 as the Company's Senior Vice President, Chief Information Officer. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Taylor served as an executive officer of hhgregg, a retailer of consumer electronics and home appliances as Chief Information Officer from September 2011 until March 2016. From November 1992 until 2009, Mr. Taylor served in various roles for the Walgreen Company including Chief Information Officer and Executive Vice President of e-commerce. 
   Belinda J. Byrd-Rohleder  
        Ms. Byrd-Rohleder, age 55, has served as the Company's Senior Vice President, General Merchandising Manager since January 2017 and served as Vice President, Division Merchandising Manager from June 2015 until January 2017. Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Byrd-Rohleder served as the Senior Vice President of Arden Companies from August 2012 until May 2014. From February 2010 until January 2012, Ms. Byrd-Rohleder served as the Senior Vice President, General Merchandise Manager for Home and Hardlines at Shopko, a regional mass merchant. Prior to joining Shopko, Ms. Byrd-Rohleder was the Senior Vice President at HSN for Home and Apparel/Accessories from August 2006 to July 2008. Prior to joining HSN, Ms. Byrd-Rohleder held the role of VP/GMM of Soft Home for Sears Holdings (both Kmart and Sears companies) from May 2004 to August 2006. Prior to Sears Holdings, Ms. Byrd-Rohleder served in various roles with Kmart Corporation from 1994 to 2004, including Divisional Vice President of Soft Home and Senior Buyer of numerous home businesses, including Home Textiles, Housewares and Furniture. 
   How Compensation Decisions are Made  
        The Compensation Committee, which is comprised solely of independent directors, oversees the development and administration of our executive compensation programs. The Compensation Committee considers financial and strategic achievements against business goals and plans in its annual review of total executive compensation programs and practices relative to market trends and practices, as well as to the Company's performance. 
        The Compensation Committee establishes the design of all executive pay programs, including those for our Chief Executive Officer. The Compensation Committee reviews and approves individual executive annual pay targets, sets financial and business metrics for performance-based plans and approves final payout levels for executive officers. 
   The Role of the Executive Compensation Consultant  
        The Compensation Committee has an independent executive compensation consultant that reports directly to the Committee. The Committee has the authority to retain, terminate, compensate and oversee any compensation consultant or other advisors to assist the committee in the discharge of its responsibilities. 
        The Korn Ferry Hay Group had been providing executive compensation consulting services to the Compensation Committee of the Board since December 2013. In February 2018, following a request for proposal, the Committee engaged Willis Towers Watson to provide executive compensation consulting services. Willis Towers Watson has significant retail experience to help benchmark and position our  executive compensation programs to ensure they are competitive, performance-based, compliant and cost-effective. Since that time, Willis Towers Watson has assisted the Compensation Committee with:
        Willis Towers Watson will also be involved in the analysis of the design, structure and level of the non-employee director compensation program, when requested. 
        Following a review of the independence of Willis Towers Watson, the Compensation Committee concluded that no conflict of interest exists with respect to the work of Willis Towers Watson. The Compensation Committee has a policy that states that any projects done with Willis Towers Watson outside of board and executive compensation activities must be reviewed and approved by the committee. 
        As compensation consultants, Willis Towers Watson representatives attend the Compensation Committee meetings, including executive sessions. Although the compensation consultants to the Compensation Committee work with our management on various matters for which the Compensation Committee is responsible, our management does not direct or oversee the retention or activities of Willis Towers Watson. During fiscal 2018, a total of $61,168 was paid to Korn Ferry Hay Group and a total of $26,622 was paid to Willis Towers Watson. All of these costs have been paid to these firms as the Compensation Committee's compensation consultant in fiscal 2018. 
   The Role of Management  
        In reviewing and making compensation decisions, the Compensation Committee also relies on the CEO's view of the business, people strategy and the performance of other senior leaders. Certain members of our management meet periodically with Willis Towers Watson consultants at the direction of the Compensation Committee to ensure the consultants have the information they need to advise the Compensation Committee. The compensation consultant works directly with the Compensation Committee on CEO compensation. 
   Stockholder Support of Fiscal 2017 Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation  
        At our November 2017 annual stockholders' meeting, 96.9% of our stockholders who voted on our "Say on Pay" advisory proposal voted in favor of our executive compensation program, up from approximately 88% in the prior year. Although the advisory stockholder vote on executive compensation is non-binding, the Compensation Committee takes the results of the stockholder vote into consideration when determining its approach to future compensation decisions. We look forward to continued feedback on compensation matters and other issues relevant to our business. 
   Our Use of Compensation Peer Group Analysis  
        We generally review peer group information in making compensation determinations. In fiscal 2018, the Compensation Committee conducted a comprehensive review of our peer group to assure  that it provides a relevant comparison to the market. The Compensation Committee considered a number of factors in determining the appropriate peer group including:
        Companies may still be considered for inclusion in the peer group even if they do not meet all of the criteria. The Compensation Committee, with advice from Willis Towers Watson, elected to make the following changes to our peer group in fiscal 2018: 
        Our current peer group includes the following 16 companies: 
   Fiscal 2018 Compensation Program and Payouts  
   Summary   objectives and pay practices aligned pay with actual Company financial and operational performance. 
   Pay Mix  
        Our executive pay programs place a significant portion of the executive's total compensation at risk based on performance. As was disclosed in the 2017 annual meeting proxy statement, the Compensation Committee chose to move from value-based dollar grants of LTI equity to flat share amounts equal to the same number of shares awarded in fiscal 2017. The Compensation Committee took this approach because it believes the current market value of the Tuesday Morning stock is not reflective of the value of the Company and that the awards will provide the potential for substantial future value to participants based on the Company's performance. As a result, the grant date fair values of the fiscal 2018 awards granted to participants were significantly less than the grant date fair values of the fiscal 2017 awards. The NEO total compensation pay-at-risk ratio is significant despite the change in LTI grant practice. 
        The charts below represent the targeted mix of pay between base salary, short-term and long-term incentives for our CEO and other NEOs for fiscal 2018: 
   Components of Compensation  
   Base salary  
        Upon hire, a Tuesday Morning executive's base salary level is determined using a combination of internal and external factors. Generally, an executive base salary offer is evaluated near the median value of the job in the market based on our peer group. This amount may be adjusted based on the executive's experience and based on the internal equity of peer jobs within the Company. 
        Since we keep a significant percentage of compensation at risk, subsequent base salary increases are generally based on annual market movement and individual performance. The Compensation Committee receives input from the Board of Directors regarding our CEO's performance, and the Committee receives input from the CEO on the other NEOs' performance.          Based upon the factors described above, at the annual merit review in September 2017, the Compensation Committee did not approve merit pay increases for the NEOs. This decision was primarily due to the financial performance of the Company during fiscal 2017. 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Steven R. Becker      $ 717,500      $ 717,500     0% 
 Stacie R. Shirley      $ 404,167      $ 404,167     0% 
 Phillip D. Hixon      $ 306,000      $ 306,000     0% 
 Trent E. Taylor      $ 340,000      $ 350,000     2.9% * 
 Belinda J. Byrd-Rohleder      $ 270,000      $ 270,000     0% 
[END TABLE]
   Annual Cash Incentive Plan  
        Our NEOs were not paid bonuses for fiscal 2018. The Annual Cash Incentive Program is designed to recognize short-term operational and financial performance. The individual target award opportunity levels are determined based on guidance from our independent compensation consultant's annual total compensation survey using external market data for comparable positions at our peer companies and in the market. Earned incentives are paid in cash at the end of the performance period. The executive must be employed by us at the time the awards are paid to earn an award. 
        Under the fiscal 2018 Annual Cash Incentive Plan, participants had the opportunity to earn a target bonus payout as a percentage of incentive-eligible base salary. For fiscal 2018, the Compensation Committee determined that each NEO's annual cash incentive payments would be based on achievement of adjusted operating income goals (80% of total) and achievement of certain strategic and personal objectives important for the Company to achieve its business plan (20% of total). Actual earned awards could range from 0% to a maximum of 200% of their target award opportunity. The Committee also established that all annual cash incentive payments would be subject to a minimum operating income performance hurdle. Executive payments are based on threshold, target, and maximum operating income targets as well as strategic and personal objective performance levels and are subject to reduction at the discretion of the Compensation Committee. 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 80%   Operating Income, as adjusted 
 20%   Strategic and Individual Objectives 
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Operating Income, as adjusted      $ (17,100,000)    $ (10,800,000)    $ (7,300,000) 
[END TABLE]
        In addition to the Operating Income metric, the fiscal 2018 Annual Cash Incentive Plan included three strategic financial and operational goals that required support from all leadership team members in order to achieve the business plan. Specifically, the three strategic metrics were related to strategic real estate activities, managing supply chain costs such as distribution expense and domestic freight in/freight out and SG&A expense control. One to three individual metrics, specific to each executive, were also established to measure contributions on an individual level. Threshold and target levels of performance were created for each strategic and individual goal. The strategic and individual goals sum  to 20% of the total cash incentive opportunity; however, such amounts were payable only if the minimum Operating Income threshold was satisfied. 
        The individual annual cash incentive level as a percent of annual base salary for the current NEOs for fiscal 2018 was: 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Steven R. Becker     25%   100%   200% 
 Stacie R. Shirley     15%   60%   120% 
 Phillip D. Hixon     15%   60%   120% 
 Trent E. Taylor     11.25%   45%   90% 
 Belinda J. Byrd-Rohleder     11.25%   45%   90% 
[END TABLE]
        In connection with his promotion to Chief Information Officer and Executive Vice President Supply Chain and Inventory Management in March 2018, Mr. Taylor's target level bonus opportunity was increased to 60% of his base salary and his maximum level bonus opportunity was increased to 120% of his base salary. 
   Performance under Fiscal 2018 Plan  
        The Company's operating loss for fiscal 2018 was $20,950,000. As a result, bonus dollars based on the company financial and strategic individual objectives were not funded and no short-term incentives were paid to NEOs for fiscal 2018 because threshold performance was not achieved. 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Steven R. Becker     25%   100%   200%   0% 
 Stacie R. Shirley     15%   60%   120%   0% 
 Phillip D. Hixon     15%   60%   120%   0% 
 Trent E. Taylor     11.25%   45%   90%   0% 
 Belinda J. Byrd-Rohleder     11.25%   45%   90%   0% 
[END TABLE]
   Long-Term Equity Incentives  
        Our long-term equity incentive program ("LTI") is intended to align NEO interests with stockholders, drive decisions that result in sustained long-term financial and operational performance, and retain key executive talent. Our LTI Plan for fiscal 2018 included the following: at the end of the performance cycle. In addition, there is a +3% Comp Sales modifier which may be applied at the end of the cycle. If overall Comp Sales results are less than 3%, there will be a 25% reduction in earned performance-based RSAs. 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 CFO   35%NQSO     30%   70% 
    35% RSA               
    30% PRSAs               
 EVP   35%NQSO     30%   70% 
    35% RSA               
    30% PRSAs               
 SVP   40%NQSO     25%   75% 
    35% RSA               
    25% PRSAs               
[END TABLE]
   Awards to NEOs other than CEO  
        In September 2017, for the fiscal 2018 grant cycle, our NEOs (excluding the CEO) at an Executive Vice President-level received 35% of their long-term award value in time-based non-qualified stock options and 35% of their award value in time-based restricted shares, all of which vest ratably in four equal installments (25% per year) beginning on the first anniversary of the award date. In addition, they were granted 30% of their award value in performance-based restricted stock awards which will vest based on actual overall 3-year Company EBITDA, as adjusted, subject to reduction of payouts by the Compensation Committee at its discretion. Our Senior Vice President NEOs and their peers received 40% of their long-term award value in time-based non-qualified stock options and 35% of their award value in time-based restricted shares, all of which vest ratably in four equal installments (25% per year) beginning on the first anniversary of the award date. In addition, they were granted 25% of their award value in performance-based restricted stock awards which will vest based on overall 3-year Company EBITDA, as adjusted, subject to reduction of payouts by the Compensation Committee at its discretion. 
        The following table summarizes the grant date value of the fiscal 2018 LTI awards based on the market price of the Company's stock on the date of grant ($2.45 on September 19, 2017 and $3.95 on March 26, 2018) and the number of shares subject to awards granted to the NEOs (other than the  CEO who is discussed separately below) in fiscal 2018 (with performance-based restricted stock reflected at target level performance): 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Stacie R. Shirley   9/19/2017     37,258     15,648     13,413      $ 116,125   
 Phillip D. Hixon   9/19/2017     37,258     15,648     13,413      $ 116,125   
 Trent E. Taylor(1)   9/19/2017     17,742     6,520     4,657      $ 48,777   
    3/26/2018     37,258     15,648     13,413      $ 190,391   
 Belinda J. Byrd-Rohleder(2)   9/19/2017     10,350     3,803     2,717      $ 28,454   
[END TABLE]
   Other Compensation  
   Executive Retention Agreements  
        On May 1, 2018, the Compensation Committee, following consultation with its independent compensation consultant, approved entering into Retention Agreements with Stacie Shirley, Trent Taylor, Phillip D. Hixon, and Belinda Byrd-Rohleder taking into account among other things, the strength of this team and the significant benefits of continuity, the competitive pressures in the retail industry and competitive hiring pressures in the Dallas-Fort Worth area market. In exchange for his or her agreement to remain employed with us through December 31, 2019, we will pay the following retention amounts to each executive who entered into a Retention Agreement, less all applicable payroll and other tax withholdings (the "Retention Payment"), $800,000 to Ms. Shirley, $500,000 to each of Messrs. Taylor and Hixon and Ms. Byrd-Rohleder. Each Retention Payment will be paid in two installments: 30% of the Retention Payment will be payable on our first regularly scheduled payroll date following January 1, 2019 (the "First Retention Date"), and the remaining 70% of the Retention Payment will be payable on our first regularly scheduled payroll date following January 1, 2020 (the "Second Retention Date"), provided the executive has remained employed by us through the applicable retention date. The terms of the Retention Agreement are further described under "Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table and Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal 2018 Table—Employment Agreements or Arrangements—Other Employment Agreements—Executive Retention Agreements." 
   Executive Severance Plan  
        On May 1, 2018, the Compensation Committee, following consultation with its independent compensation consultant, and taking into account amongst other things, the competitive pressures in the retail industry and competitive hiring pressures in the Dallas-Fort Worth market, approved the adoption of the Tuesday Morning Corporation Executive Severance Plan (the "Severance Plan"). The adoption of the Severance Plan is to provide financial and transitional assistance to certain executives of the Company with the title of Senior Vice President or higher, which include our NEOs other than our CEO (the "Eligible Executives"), following a termination of employment under certain circumstances. The terms of the Severance Plan are further described under the "Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control" section below.     Other Compensation  
        With respect to other compensation, our NEOs are entitled to participate in all employee benefit plans, including our 401(k) plan, health and dental plan, life insurance and disability plans. We do not offer non-qualified benefits such as deferred compensation, corporate-owned life insurance or supplemental executive retirement programs to our NEOs. In addition, we provide minimal perquisites to our executives which are referenced in footnote (3) of the Summary Compensation Table below. The Compensation Committee believes that the perquisites provided to our executives are reasonable and consistent with its overall compensation program to better enable us to attract and retain superior employees for key positions. We do not provide tax gross-ups to our executive officers. 
   Chief Executive Officer Compensation  
        In December 2015, Mr. Steven R. Becker was named Chief Executive Officer. In connection with his appointment, he entered into an employment agreement with the Company, dated December 11, 2015 (the "Becker Employment Agreement"), the terms of which are described under "Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table" and "Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control" sections below. On January 16, 2017, Mr. Becker was also appointed as the Company's President, though there were no changes in compensation or to his employment agreement as a result of this appointment. 
        On May 1, 2018, following consultation with the Company's compensation consultants, the Compensation Committee determined that certain of the terms of Mr. Becker's employment agreement were not in line with general market or peer group standards. Accordingly, in May 2018 the Compensation Committee approved an amendment (the "Amendment") to the Becker Employment Agreement. The Amendment modifies the cash severance amounts Mr. Becker is eligible to receive upon his termination of employment by us without cause or by him for good reason, as follows: instead of a prorated annual bonus for the fiscal year of his termination of employment, he is now eligible to receive an amount equal to one times his annual bonus for such year at the target performance level and, if the termination of employment occurs within 12 months following a "change in control" (as defined in the Becker Employment Agreement), he is now eligible to receive an amount equal to 1.5 times his target annual bonus, payable at the same time as bonuses would otherwise be payable under the Company's annual bonus plan. 
        Except as described above, the Becker Employment Agreement will continue in full force and effect in accordance with its terms and conditions. The terms of the Amendment are further described under the "Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control" section below.          The following table summarizes Mr. Becker's compensation for fiscal 2018: 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 50% Time-Based Non-Qualified Stock Options (September 19, 2017 Grant Date)    248,385 
         50% Performance-Based Restricted Stock Award (September 19, 2017 Grant Date)    104,322 
 "Stretch" Portion of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Award (for performance above target) (September 19, 2017 Grant  Date)    104,322 
[END TABLE]
         Salary and Annual Cash Incentive—In September 2017, the Compensation Committee determined that, based on Company performance during the fiscal 2017 measurement period, the CEO base salary would remain at the same level in fiscal 2018 as in fiscal 2017. Therefore, the Committee approved a base salary of $717,500 with a 100% short-term incentive target for fiscal 2018. The base salary and total target cash opportunity positioned Mr. Becker's cash compensation opportunity around the median of the proxy peer group and approximately at the 25th percentile of the broader retail industry. 
         Equity Awards—At hire, the Compensation Committee determined that Mr. Becker's aggregate annual target LTI award value would be $1,400,000, with an additional stretch opportunity originally valued at $700,000 for performance above target level. Mr. Becker's $1,400,000 target award (based upon award value) consisted of 50% time-based non-qualified stock options and 50% performance-based non-qualified stock options. The Company maintained this LTI award level for fiscal 2017 based on the external compensation consultant's analysis of peer company and retail industry long-term incentive plan practices for the Chief Executive Officer. 
        For fiscal 2018, due to the depressed market value of the Company's common stock, and the Compensation Committee's decision to grant fiscal 2018 awards equal to the same number of shares granted in the prior year, the Committee approved a change in the mix of the CEO equity award from 50% performance-based options and 50% time-based non-qualified stock options to 50% performance-based restricted stock awards and 50% time-based non-qualified stock options. While the grant date value in fiscal years prior to fiscal year 2018 was market-based at a value of $1,400,000, these two changes resulted in a decreased market value of the awards granted to $555,092 in fiscal year 2018 as represented in the Summary Compensation Table. We continue to deliver 100% of the CEO's equity through performance contingent vehicles (stock options and performance-based restricted stock). 
        This resulted in an annual LTI equity award grant on September 19, 2017 consisting of 248,385 time-based non-qualified stock options which vest ratably in four equal installments (25% per year) beginning on the first anniversary of the grant, and a 104,322 performance share restricted stock award at target-level performance ("Target Level Restricted Stock Awards"). With respect to the performance-based restricted stock award included in the target award, Mr. Becker was also entitled to receive 104,322 shares of restricted stock, for performance exceeding target up to the maximum performance level ("Stretch Performance Restricted Stock Awards"). The inclusion of time-based and performance-based restrictions ensured that Mr. Becker's equity award would be "at risk", which  promoted our desire to align CEO pay with superior Company performance and stockholder wealth accumulation. 
        Under the September 19, 2017 performance-based restricted stock award, the 36-month performance period began on July 1, 2017 and ends on June 30, 2020. As outlined below, Mr. Becker's Target Level Restricted Stock Awards and Stretch Performance Restricted Stock Awards are subject to vesting upon achievement of threshold, target, stretch and maximum specified EBITDA goals and the achievement of same store sales goals at the end of the measurement period. The performance options were designed to ensure that Mr. Becker's realizable compensation aligns with our long term performance and stockholder value. 
        The Target Level Restricted Stock Awards are subject to incremental vesting at the end of the performance period based upon achievement of threshold and target levels of EBITDA for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2020 and the Stretch Performance Restricted Stock Awards are subject to incremental vesting at the end of the performance period based upon achievement of stretch and maximum levels of EBITDA goals for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2020, and any vested amounts will be reduced by 25% if the Company's comparable store sales do not increase by a target average amount over the course of the performance period. The percentage of vested Target Level Restricted Stock Awards and Stretch Performance Restricted Stock Awards can be interpolated between the specified levels of performance required for vesting of each award. 
         Other Compensation—With respect to other compensation, Mr. Becker is entitled to participate in all employee benefit plans, including our 401(k) plan, health and dental plan, life insurance and disability plans. In addition, his employment agreement provides for one comprehensive executive physical each calendar year and attorney fees incurred in connection with the review of the employment agreement. Any compensation paid to Mr. Becker is subject to recovery based on the Company's clawback policy. 
        In summary, CEO total compensation decreased by 38% from $2,100,796 in fiscal 2017 to $1,284,748 in fiscal 2018, as represented on the Summary Compensation Table. 
   Fiscal 2019 Compensation Highlights  
        The following is a brief summary of certain changes to the compensation of the NEOs for fiscal 2019 which is intended to provide additional information to stockholders in their review of our compensation program for fiscal 2018. 
   Summary  
        For fiscal 2019, the Compensation Committee continues to support a performance based compensation philosophy. The compensation programs approved by the Compensation Committee include the following elements:     Base salary  
        In August and September 2018, the Compensation Committee reviewed the salaries for the NEOs based on Company results, individual contributions, and the competitive market. As a result, for fiscal 2019, the base salary amounts for the NEOs are: 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Steven R. Becker      $ 717,500      $ 735,500   
 Stacie R. Shirley      $ 404,167      $ 415,000   
 Phillip D Hixon      $ 306,000      $ 315,000   
 Trent E. Taylor      $ 350,000      $ 360,000   
 Belinda J. Byrd-Rohleder      $ 270,000      $ 285,000   
[END TABLE]
   Annual Cash Incentive Plan  
        Under the fiscal 2019 Annual Cash Incentive Plan, participants will continue to have the opportunity to earn a target bonus payout as a percentage of incentive-eligible base salary. For fiscal 2019, the Compensation Committee determined that each NEO's annual cash incentive payments will be based on achievement of adjusted operating income goals (80% of total) and achievement of overall comparable sales growth (20% of total). Actual earned awards can range from 0% to a maximum of 200% of their target award opportunity. Executive payments will be based on threshold, target and maximum Operating Income and Comparable Sales Growth Percentage, and are subject to reduction at the discretion of the Compensation Committee. 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 80%   Operating Income, as adjusted 
 20%   Comparable Sales Growth% 
[END TABLE]
         The individual annual cash incentive level as a percent of annual base salary for the NEOs for fiscal 2019 will be as follows: 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Steven R. Becker     25%   100%   200% 
 Stacie R. Shirley     15%   60%   120% 
 Phillip D. Hixon     15%   60%   120% 
 Trent E. Taylor     15%   60%   120% 
 Belinda J. Byrd-Rohleder     12.50%   50%   100% 
[END TABLE]
   Annual LTI Program Equity Award Grants  
        For fiscal 2019, the Compensation Committee granted the same number of shares for the CEO as the previous year. While these awards have a lesser grant date value, the Compensation Committee took this approach because it believed the current market value of the stock did not reflect the value of the Company and that the awards will provide the potential for a substantial increase in future value based on the Company's performance. The Committee expects to return to making grants with a higher grant date value in the near future. 
        In order to continue to align executive rewards with stockholder value the Compensation Committee maintained performance-based equity awards for the CFO, EVPs and SVPs. The performance-based equity award program better aligns each NEO's equity portfolio with that of the stockholders. For fiscal 2019, all NEOs have a performance-based LTI equity award opportunity measured over a 36-month performance period (with a stretch opportunity for performance above target level), tied to overall Company EBITDA as adjusted, subject to reduction of payouts by the Compensation Committee in its discretion. 
        The CEO was granted 50% performance-based restricted stock awards at target performance and 50% time-based non-qualified stock options. The other NEOs were granted a mix of performance shares, time-based non-qualified stock options and time-based stock grants. Each of the performance-based awards includes an additional stretch opportunity for performance above target level. The Compensation Committee approved the following equity grant guidelines for fiscal year 2019: 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 CEO   248,385 NQSOs/104,322 PRSAs     104,322   50% NQSOs/50% Performance-Based RSAs 
 CFO   37,258 NQSOs/15,648 RSAs/13,413 PRSAs     13,413   35% NQSOs/35% RSAs/30% Performance-Based RSAs 
 EVP   37,258 NQSOs/15,648 RSAs/13,413 PRSAs     13,413   35% NQSOs/35% RSAs/30% Performance-Based RSAs 
 SVP   17,742 NQSOs/6,520 RSAs/4,657 PRSAs     4,657   40% NQSOs/35% RSAs/25% Performance-Based RSAs 
[END TABLE]
   Supplemental CEO Equity Award  
        In September 2018, the Compensation Committee approved a one-time supplemental long term incentive award to the CEO. The award was valued at $1.5 million on the date of grant and is comprised of a 50% one-time cash award rewarding significant stock price appreciation over a 36-month performance period and 50% time-based Restricted Stock Units (230,770 units) vesting over  4 years at 25% per year beginning on the first anniversary of the grant. The ultimate value of both components of this award to our CEO is directly connected to our stock price and provides further incentive to drive performance that directly impacts shareholder value creation. After carefully considering alternatives, and with the advice of its independent executive compensation consultant, the Compensation Committee selected this specific blend of long-term award because it properly reflected the Company's philosophy to ensure continuity of its leadership team and direct the talents of that team towards long-term shareholder value creation. 
   Additional Compensation Governance Policy and Practices  
   Compensation Program Risk  
        As part of its oversight of our executive pay programs, the Compensation Committee considers the impact of our compensation programs and the incentives created by the potential compensation rewards that it administers on our risk profile. In addition, we review all of our existing compensation policies and plans to determine whether they present a significant risk. Some of the factors included in this review are:
Based on this review, we have concluded that our compensation policies and plans are not reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on us. 
   Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation  
        None of the persons who served on our Compensation Committee during the last completed fiscal year (Sherry M. Smith, Frank M. Hamlin, Barry S. Gluck and Jimmie L. Wade): (i) was formerly an officer of the Company; (ii) during the last fiscal year, was an officer or employee of the Company; or (iii) had any relationship requiring disclosure under Item 404 of Regulation S-K. None of our executive officers served as a member of the compensation committee or similar committee or as a member of the board of directors of any other entity one of whose executive officers served on the Compensation Committee or as a member of the Board of Directors of the Company. 
   Stock Ownership Guidelines for Executives and Non-Employee Directors  
        The Compensation Committee adopted stock ownership requirements for our NEOs and non-employee directors in 2014. The stock ownership guidelines, which are aligned with typical market practice by level, are shown below and generally must be achieved within five years of becoming subject to the policy. 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Chief Executive Officer     5x   
 Executive Vice President     2x   
 Senior Vice President     1x   
 Non-Employee Directors     3x   
[END TABLE]
         For purposes of calculating stock ownership, the following sources may be included:
Unexercised options and unearned performance shares are not counted toward stock ownership requirements. 
   Stock Retention/Holding Requirements  
        If an NEO or non-employee director has not met the stock ownership requirement, such NEO or non-employee director must retain 50% of the net shares (after cashless exercises of options and the payment of any applicable tax liability related to equity grants by the Company) of the vested long-term incentive plan shares or annual equity retainer awarded to the NEO or non-employee director. The NEO or non-employee director may sell Company stock acquired by exercising stock options to pay the exercise price of the stock option and may sell shares to pay any applicable tax liability related to equity grants by the Company. 
   Clawback Policy  
        The Company may recoup all or any portion of any shares or cash paid to a participant in connection with an award, in the event of a restatement of the Company's financial statements as set forth in the Company's clawback policy, approved by the Board. 
   Anti-Hedging and Anti-Pledging Policies  
        We have an anti-hedging policy that prohibits the NEOs, the Company's Board of Directors and other Company employees from hedging against a decrease in the value of the Company's stock. Under the policy, the NEOs are prohibited from purchasing any financial instruments designed to offset decreases in the market value of the Company's stock. During fiscal 2018, all NEOs were in compliance with this policy. 
        The Company has also adopted an anti-pledging policy that prohibits the NEOs, the Company's Board of Directors and other Company employees from holding the Company's stock in a margin account or otherwise pledging the Company's stock as collateral for a loan. None of the NEOs pledged any Company stock in fiscal 2018.      SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE         
        The table below summarizes the total compensation of each of the NEOs for the fiscal year ended June, 30, 2018, June 30, 2017 and June 30, 2016. 
[BEGIN TABLE]
    Steven R. Becker(4)     2018     717,500     —     255,589     299,503     —     —     12,156     1,284,748   
         President and Chief Executive     2017     714,583     —     —     1,363,684     —     —     22,529     2,100,796   
         Officer     2016     471,698     147,671     —     1,376,565     —     —     15,684     2,011,618   
 Stacie R. Shirley(5)        2018        404,167        —        71,199        44,926        —        —        15,878        536,170   
 Executive Vice President,     2017     403,472     —     113,097     62,842     —     —     4,931     584,342   
 Chief Financial Officer and     2016     183,333     60,000     300,003     192,633     —     —     401     736,370   
 Treasurer                                                         
    Phillip D. Hixon        2018        306,000        —        71,199        44,926        —        —        15,091        437,216   
         Executive Vice President,     2017     305,000     —     194,999     108,346     —     —     11,947     620,292   
         Store Operations     2016     293,333     —     75,003     347,988     —     —     13,875     730,199   
 Trent E. Taylor(6)        2018        343,333        —        142,175        96,994        —        —        2,446        584,948   
 Chief Information Officer,     2017     327,460     —     24,753     17,026     —     —     2,074     371,313   
 Executive Vice President, Supply Chain and Inventory Management                                                         
    Belinda Byrd-Rohleder(7)        2018        270,000        —        15,974        12,480        —        —        1,456        299,910   
         Senior Vice President, General     2017     242,627     71,788     104,999     94,212     —     —     1,129     514,755   
         Merchandising Manager                                                         
[END TABLE]
A portion of the amounts reflected under stock awards for fiscal 2018 for the NEOs include the value of performance-based restricted stock awards (assuming target level performance), with values of $255,589 for Mr. Becker, $32,862 for Ms. Shirley, $32,862 for Mr. Hixon, and $6,657 for Ms. Byrd-Rohleder. The value of these performance-based restricted awards at the grant date assuming the highest level of performance was achieved is $511,178 for Mr. Becker, $65,724 for Ms. Shirley, $65,724 for Mr. Hixon, $128,782 for Mr. Taylor and $13,311 for Ms. Byrd-Rohleder.  
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Steven R. Becker     11,000     1,156     —     12,156   
 Stacie R. Shirley     14,842     1,036     —     15,878   
 Phillip D. Hixon     12,240     2,446     405     15,091   
 Trent E. Taylor     —     2,446     —     2,446   
 Belinda Byrd-Rohleder     —     1,456     —     1,456   
[END TABLE]
 45
    GRANTS OF PLAN-BASED AWARDS IN FISCAL 2018         
        The following table sets forth certain information with respect of the stock awards granted to the NEOs during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2018. 
[BEGIN TABLE]
    Steven R. Becker(4)   —     358,750     717,500     1,435,000     —     —     —     —     —     —     —   
       9/19/17     —     —     —     52,161     104,322     208,644     —     —     —     255,589   
       9/19/17     —     —     —     —     —     —     —     248,385     2.45     299,503   
 Stacie R. Shirley(5)    —        121,250        242,500        485,000        —        —        —        —        —        —        —   
    9/19/17     —     —     —     6,707     13,413     26,826     —     —     —     32,862   
    9/19/17     —     —     —     —     —     —     15,648     —     —     38,338   
    9/19/17     —     —     —     —     —     —     —     37,258     2.45     44,926   
    Phillip D. Hixon(6)    —        91,800        183,600        367,200        —        —        —        —        —        —        —   
       9/19/17     —     —     —     6,707     13,413     26,826     —     —     —     32,862   
       9/19/17     —     —     —     —     —     —     15,648     —     —     38,338   
       9/19/17     —     —     —     —     —     —     —     37,258     2.45     44,926   
 Trent E. Taylor(7)    —        39,375        210,000        420,000        —        —        —        —        —        —        —   
    9/19/17     —     —     —     2,329     4,657     9,314     —     —     —     11,410   
    3/26/18     —     —     —     6,707     13,413     26,826     —     —     —     52,981   
    9/19/17     —     —     —     —     —     —     6,520     —     —     15,974   
    3/26/18     —     —     —     —     —     —     15,648     —     —     61,810   
    9/19/17     —     —     —     —     —     —     —     17,742     2.45     21,393   
    3/26/18     —     —     —     —     —     —     —     37,258     3.95     75,600   
    Belinda Byrd-Rohleder(8)    —        30,375        121,500        243,000        —        —        —        —        —        —        —   
       9/19/17     —     —     —     1,359     2,717     5,433     —     —     —     6,657   
       9/19/17     —     —     —     —     —     —     3,803     —     —     9,317   
       9/19/17     —     —     —     —     —     —     —     10,350     2.45     12,480   
[END TABLE]
 maximum performance level is achieved; (ii) a grant of 15,648 shares of restricted stock on September 19, 2017, which vest in four equal annual installments on September 19, 2018, September 19, 2019, September 19, 2020 and September 19, 2021; and (iii) a grant of stock options on September 19, 2017 to purchase 37,258 shares of the Company's Common Stock, which vest in four equal annual installments on September 19, 2018, September 19, 2019, September 19, 2020 and September 19, 2021.       NARRATIVE DISCLOSURE TO SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE AND   GRANTS OF PLAN-BASED AWARDS IN FISCAL 2018 TABLE         
   Employment Agreements or Arrangements  
   Employment Agreement with Mr. Becker  
        In connection with Mr. Becker's appointment as Chief Executive Officer, the Company entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Becker on December 11, 2015. In the employment agreement, Mr. Becker agreed to serve as Chief Executive Officer for an initial term ending June 30, 2019. The initial term of employment automatically renews for successive one-year periods unless either party provides notice of non-renewal at least 90 days prior to the expiration of the then current employment term. 
        Under the employment agreement, Mr. Becker is entitled to, among other things, an annual base salary of not less than $700,000. The base salary payable to Mr. Becker is intended to provide a fixed component of compensation reflecting his skill set, experience, role and responsibilities. In addition, Mr. Becker also is eligible for annual equity grants under the 2014 Plan, with the actual amounts subject to the approval of the Board's Compensation Committee. See "Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal 2018" for additional information. 
        Mr. Becker also is eligible to earn an annual bonus each fiscal year under the Company's Annual Cash Incentive Plan with a threshold opportunity equal to 50% of his base salary, a target opportunity equal to 100% of his base salary, a stretch opportunity equal to 150% of his base salary and a maximum opportunity equal to 200% of his base salary. No payments were made to Mr. Becker under the Company's Annual Cash Incentive Plan for fiscal 2016, fiscal 2017 or fiscal 2018 as the threshold performance levels for each fiscal year were not achieved. 
        In the employment agreement, Mr. Becker has agreed to certain restrictive covenants during the employment term and for one year thereafter (or 18 months if Mr. Becker is terminated for any reason on or within 12 months following a change in control). 
        Under the employment agreement and the agreements governing Mr. Becker's equity awards, Mr. Becker is entitled to certain severance benefits as discussed below under "Potential Payments upon Termination or Change of Control." 
   Offer Letter to Ms. Shirley  
        In connection with Ms. Shirley's appointment as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, the Company agreed to certain employment arrangements with Ms. Shirley on December 17, 2015 pursuant to an offer letter from the Company. Under these employment arrangements, the Company agreed to provide Ms. Shirley with an annual base salary of $400,000, which is meant to provide a fixed component of compensation reflecting her skill set, experience, role and responsibilities. Ms. Shirley also is eligible to participate in the Company's Annual Cash Incentive Plan, under which she may earn a bonus equal to a specified percentage of her base salary as follows: 30% of her base salary at the threshold level of performance, 60% of her base salary at the target level of performance and 120% of her base salary at the maximum level of performance. For 2016, 2017 and 2018, the threshold performance level was not achieved and, therefore, no payments were made to Ms. Shirley under the Company's Annual Cash Incentive Plan for fiscal 2016, fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2018. 
        The Company also granted Ms. Shirley an initial annual grant of equity awards valued at $300,000, 50% of which were service-based non-qualified stock options and 50% of which were service-based restricted stock awards. Both the stock options and restricted stock awards vest ratably over four years, beginning with the first anniversary of the date of grant. Ms. Shirley is also entitled to standard  employee benefits generally offered to the Company's employees. In the event of an involuntary termination of her employment, Ms. Shirley will be entitled to receive a severance payment equal to her annual base salary as well as health benefits paid by the Company for 12 months in exchange for an executed severance agreement and release of claims. 
   Other Employment Agreements  
   Executive Retention Agreements  
        On May 1, 2018, the Compensation Committee, following consultation with its independent compensation consultant, also approved Retention Agreements with Stacie Shirley, Trent Taylor, Phillip D. Hixon, and Belinda Byrd taking into account, among other things, the competitive pressures in the retail industry and competitive hiring pressures in the Dallas-Fort Worth area market. In exchange for each executive's agreement to remain employed with us through December 31, 2019, the Company agreed to pay the following retention amounts to each executive who entered into a Retention Agreement, less all applicable payroll and other tax withholdings (the "Retention Payment"): $800,000 to Ms. Shirley, and $500,000 to each of Messrs. Taylor and Hixon and Ms. Byrd-Rohleder. Each Retention Payment will be paid in two installments: 30% of the Retention Payment will be payable on our first regularly scheduled payroll date following January 1, 2019 (the "First Retention Date"), and the remaining 70% of the Retention Payment will be payable on our first regularly scheduled payroll date following January 1, 2020 (the "Second Retention Date"), provided the executive has remained employed by us through each applicable retention date. In addition, if a "change in control" (as defined in each of the Retention Agreements) of the Company occurs prior to the First Retention Date and the executive is employed by us on the closing date of the change in control and remains employed with the surviving entity through the First Retention Date, then the executive will receive the full amount (100%) of the Retention Payment on the First Retention Date. If a change in control of the Company occurs after the First Retention Date but prior to the Second Retention Date, and the executive is employed by us on the closing date of the change in control, then the executive will receive the full amount of any unpaid portion of the Retention Payment on the closing date of the change in control. 
        In the event an executive's employment is terminated by us without "cause," by an executive for "good reason" (but only if such termination of employment for good reason occurs within 18 months following the closing date of a change in control), or due to an executive's death or "total and permanent disability" (as each such term is defined in the Retention Agreements), then subject to the executive (or his or her estate) returning a validly executed, irrevocable release of claims to us within 30 days (or longer period if required by law) of the executive's employment termination date, the executive (or his or her estate) generally will receive the full amount of any unpaid portion of the Retention Payment on our next regularly scheduled payroll date following the date we receive the validly executed, irrevocable release of claims from the executive (or his or her estate). In addition, the entire Retention Payment will be forfeited by an executive if he or she (or his or her estate) refuses to sign or fails to timely return the release to us or if the executive violates any of the Retention Agreement's restrictive covenants, which include certain confidential information and non-disclosure obligations as well as non-disparagement, non-solicitation, and non-compete provisions. Under the terms of the Retention Agreements, in the event an executive receives payment of all or a portion of the Retention Payment and subsequently violates any of the Retention Agreement's restrictive covenants during the applicable restrictive covenant period (as set forth in the Retention Agreements), then the executive will forfeit any unpaid portion of the Retention Payment and must immediately repay the full amount of the Retention Payment previously paid to the executive, less any taxes originally withheld by us from the payment.     Other Agreements  
        Except as disclosed above, the Company is not a party to other employment agreements with any other current or former NEOs identified in the Summary Compensation Table other than at-will employment arrangements. 
        The Company has entered into indemnification agreements with each named executive officer, each in a form approved by the Board and previously disclosed by the Company. The Company has also entered into a form of the indemnification agreement with each of its directors. The Board has further authorized the Company to enter into the form of indemnification agreement with future directors and executive officers of the Company and other persons or categories of persons that may be designated from time to time by the Board. The indemnification agreement supplements and clarifies existing indemnification provisions of the Company's Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws and, in general, provides for indemnification to the fullest extent permitted by law, subject to the terms and conditions provided in the indemnification agreement. The indemnification agreement also establishes processes and procedures for indemnification claims, advancement of expenses and costs and other determinations with respect to indemnification. 
   Awards under Equity Plans  
        The equity awards granted to the NEOs during fiscal 2018 included annual LTI. 
        With respect to the stock option awards and restricted stock awards described under "Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal 2018," such awards require that the named executive officer remain employed by the Company until the respective dates listed in the table (or provide consulting services if no longer employed by the Company) and, in the case of performance-based awards, that certain performance metrics be achieved, in each case, subject to acceleration of vesting in certain circumstances described below under "Potential Payments upon Termination or Change of Control." 
   Annual Cash Incentive Plan  
        See "Executive Compensation—Compensation Discussion and Analysis—Fiscal 2018 Compensation Program and Payouts—Components of Compensation—Annual Cash Incentive Plan" above for a description of the Annual Cash Incentive Plan for fiscal 2018 and the discussion of certain provisions of the Annual Cash Incentive Plan in "Potential Payments upon Termination or Change of Control" below.      OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL 2018 YEAR-END         
        The following table sets forth certain information with respect of the stock awards held by the NEOs as of June 30, 2018. 
[BEGIN TABLE]
    Steven R. Becker      10,000      —      —      4.22      7/1/22      —      —      —      —   
         147,754      147,754      —      5.64      2/2/26 (2)    —      —      —      —   
         62,097      186,288      —      6.71      9/1/26 (3)    —      —      —      —   
         —      248,385      —      2.45      9/19/27 (4)    —      —      —      —   
         —      —      295,508      5.64      2/2/26 (5)    —      —      —      —   
         —      —      248,385      6.71      9/1/26 (6)    —      —      —      —   
         —      —      —      —      —      —      —      104,322 (7)    318,182   
 Stacie R. Shirley        40,297        40,296        —        5.64        2/2/26  (2)      —        —        —        —   
       5,403      16,207      —      6.71      9/1/26 (3)    —      —      —      —   
       —      37,258      —      2.45      9/19/27 (4)    —      —      —      —   
       —      —      —      —      —      13,298 (8)    40,559      —      —   
       —      —      —      —      —      6,807 (9)    20,761      —      —   
       —      —      —      —      —      15,648 (10)    47,726      —      —   
       —      —      —      —      —      —      —      7,779 (11)    23,726   
       —      —      —      —      —      —      —      13,413 (7)    40,910   
         Phillip D. Hixon        10,000        —        —        12.83        11/6/23        —        —        —        —   
         4,674      —      —      14.19      2/18/24      —      —      —      —   
         10,535      3,511      —      18.42      8/26/24 (12)    —      —      —      —   
         7,518      2,506      —      19.36      2/10/25 (13)    —      —      —      —   
         42,722      42,721      —      7.90      9/3/25 (14)    —      —      —      —   
         35,000      —      —      5.95      11/2/25      —      —      —      —   
         9,315      27,943      —      6.71      9/1/26 (3)    —      —      —      —   
         —      37,258      —      2.45      9/19/27 (4)    —      —      —      —   
         —      —      —      —      —      390 (15)    1,190      —      —   
         —      —      —      —      —      278 (16)    848      —      —   
         —      —      —      —      —      4,746 (17)    14,475      —      —   
         —      —      —      —      —      11,736 (9)    35,795      —      —   
         —      —      —      —      —      15,648 (10)    47,726      —      —   
         —      —      —      —      —      —      —      13,413 (11)    40,910   
         —      —      —      —      —      —      —      13,413 (7)    40,910   
 Trent E. Taylor        11,308        11,307        —        6.58        5/16/26  (18)      —        —        —        —   
       1,464      4,391      —      6.71      9/1/26 (3)    —      —      —      —   
       —      17,742      —      2.45      9/19/27 (4)    —      —      —      —   
       —      37,258      —      3.95      3/26/28 (19)    —      —      —      —   
       —      —      —      —      —      4,748 (20)    14,481      —      —   
       —      —      —      —      —      1,614 (9)    4,923      —      —   
       —      —      —      —      —      6,520 (10)    19,886      —      —   
       —      —      —      —      —      15,648 (21)    47,726               
       —      —      —      —      —      —      —      1,537 (11)    4,688   
       —      —      —      —      —      —      —      4,657 (7)    14,204   
       —      —      —      —      —      —      —      13,413 (7)    40,910   
         Belinda Byrd-Rohleder        5,696        5,696        —        7.90        9/3/25  (14)      —        —        —        —   
         15,000      —      —      5.95      11/2/25      —      —      —      —   
         2,662      7,983      —      6.71      9/1/26 (3)    —      —      —      —   
         7,535      22,604      —      3.95      2/23/27 (22)    —      —      —      —   
         —      10,350      —      2.45      9/19/27 (4)    —      —      —      —   
         —      —      —      —      —      1,898 (17)    5,789      —      —   
         —      —      —      —      —      3,353 (9)    10,227      —      —   
         —      —      —      —      —      8,307 (23)    25,336      —      —   
         —      —      —      —      —      3,803 (10)    11,599      —      —   
         —      —      —      —      —      —      —      7,911 (11)    24,129   
         —      —      —      —      —      —      —      2,717 (7)    8,287   
[END TABLE]
 52
    OPTION EXERCISES AND STOCK VESTED IN FISCAL 2018         
        The following table contains information regarding the value received by the NEOs upon option award exercises and restricted stock award vesting during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2018. 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Steven R. Becker     —     —     —     —   
 Stacie R. Shirley     —     —     35,514     104,727   
 Phillip D. Hixon     —     —     7,082     15,777   
 Trent E. Taylor     —     —     2,913     7,834   
 Belinda Byrd-Rohleder     —     —     4,836     12,993   
[END TABLE]
     POTENTIAL PAYMENTS UPON TERMINATION OR CHANGE OF CONTROL         
        The tables below reflect the amount of compensation payable to each of the NEOs of the Company in the event of termination of such executive's employment or upon a change of control of the Company. The amount of compensation payable to each named executive officer upon voluntary termination, involuntary termination without cause, involuntary termination with cause, retirement, in the event of the executive's death or disability and in connection with a change of control is shown below. Amounts for awards granted pursuant to the Tuesday Morning Corporation 2008 Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan (the "2008 Plan") and the 2014 Plan are calculated for purposes of the tables below, in the case of restricted stock, based on the closing price of Common Stock as of June 30, 2018 ($3.05). 
   Payments Made Upon Termination  
        Regardless of the manner in which a named executive officer's employment terminates, he or she is generally entitled to receive amounts earned during his or her term of employment. Such amounts include:
   Long Term Incentive Plans  
        Under the terms of the 2008 Plan and the 2014 Plan (and any related award agreements thereunder), upon an executive's voluntary termination or involuntary termination without "cause," all of the executive's options that were exercisable on the date of such termination remain exercisable for a period of 90 days after the date of such termination (but no later than the original expiration date of the options); provided that the executive does not violate any applicable non-compete provisions pursuant to such executive's employment arrangement during such period, subject to certain exceptions, and all options that were not exercisable on such date will be forfeited. 
        Under the terms of the 2008 Plan and the 2014 Plan (and any related award agreements thereunder), upon an executive's voluntary termination or involuntary termination for any reason (other than death, disability, retirement or in connection with a "change in control"), all unvested shares of restricted stock will be forfeited, provided that certain awards may continue to vest if the former employee serves as a director or consultant to the Company. 
        The award agreements under the 2008 Plan (for awards granted before February 18, 2014) generally define "cause" to mean (i) the commission of a felony or a crime involving moral turpitude or any other act or omission involving dishonesty, disloyalty or fraud, (ii) conduct tending to bring the Company into public disgrace, (iii) substantial and repeated failure to perform duties properly assigned to the executive, (iv) gross negligence or willful misconduct, or (v) breach of duty of loyalty or other act of fraud or dishonesty. During fiscal 2014, we adopted amended forms of award agreements for awards under the 2008 Plan, effective for awards granted under the plan on or after such date, under which "cause" is defined to mean (i) commission of fraud, embezzlement, theft, felony or an act of dishonesty in the course of the executive's employment which damaged the Company, (ii) disclosure of trade secrets of the Company, or (iii) violation the terms of any non-competition, non-disclosure or similar agreement to which the executive is a party. Award agreements under the 2014 Plan define "cause" to mean the same as such term is defined under the amended forms of award agreements for the 2008 Plan.          The 2008 Plan also defines "cause" more broadly with respect to general provisions relating to forfeiture or recoupment of awards, whether exercised or unexercised or vested or unvested. If the committee administering the 2008 Plan finds that a holder of an award granted under the 2008 Plan, (i) committed fraud, embezzlement, theft, felony, a crime involving moral turpitude or an act of dishonesty in the course of his or her employment which damaged the Company, (ii) disclosed trade secrets of the Company, (iii) violated the terms of any non-competition, non-disclosure or similar agreement, (iv) knowingly caused or assisted in causing the publicly released financial statements of the Company to be misstated, (v) substantially and repeatedly failed to perform the duties of such executive's office, (vi) committed gross negligence or willful misconduct, (vii) materially breached such executive's employment agreement, (viii) failed to correct or otherwise rectify any failure to comply with reasonable instruction from the Company that could materially or adversely affect the Company, (ix) willfully engaged in conduct materially injurious to the Company, (x) harassed or discriminated against the Company's employees, customers or vendors, (xi) misappropriated funds or assets, (xii) willfully violated Company policies or standards of business conduct, (xiii) failed to maintain specified immigration status, or (xiv) knowingly caused or assisted in causing the Company to engage in criminal misconduct, then some or all awards awarded to such holder, and all net proceeds realized with respect to any such awards, will be forfeited to the Company as determined by the committee. The committee may also specify in an award agreement that the rights, payments, and benefits of a holder of an award granted under the 2008 Plan with respect to such award will be subject to reduction, cancellation, forfeiture, or recoupment upon the occurrence of certain specified events, in addition to any otherwise applicable vesting or performance conditions of an award. 
        Under the terms of the 2008 Plan and the 2014 Plan (and any related award agreements thereunder), upon an executive's involuntary termination for "cause," all of the executive's options will be forfeited immediately upon termination, whether or not then exercisable. 
   Annual Cash Incentive Plan  
        Under the terms of the Annual Cash Incentive Plan, if a participating executive's employment is terminated voluntarily for any reason, or is terminated by the Company for any reason other than death or disability, during a performance period, the participating executive will immediately forfeit any right to receive any incentive cash bonus for such performance period. If the termination occurs after the end of the performance period, but prior to the date of actual payment for such performance period, the committee administering the Annual Cash Incentive Plan may pay the terminated executive an amount not to exceed the amount of incentive cash bonus earned for such performance period. 
   Severance Plan  
        Pursuant to the Severance Plan, in the event an Eligible Executive's employment is terminated by us without "cause" (as each such term is defined in the Severance Plan) at any time during the Severance Plan's term or by an Eligible Executive for "good reason", but only if such termination by the Eligible Executive for good reason occurs within 18 months following the closing date of a change in control, the Eligible Executive will be eligible to receive the following: her severance amounts will not include any bonuses or financial perquisites. Generally, severance payments will commence on our next regularly scheduled payroll date immediately following the date we receive a validly executed, irrevocable release of claims from the Eligible Executive. 
        No benefits will be payable pursuant to the Severance Plan to an Eligible Executive for any termination of his or her employment other than by us without cause or by the Eligible Executive for good reason during the Change in Control Period (e.g., termination due to the Eligible Executive's death, disability, voluntary resignation without good reason, retirement, etc.). In addition, if an Eligible Executive is party to a severance agreement with us on the date his or her employment with us ends, the Eligible Executive will not be eligible for benefits under the Severance Plan if such benefits would be duplicative of any benefits he or she is eligible to receive pursuant to the terms of his or her severance agreement, and an Eligible Executive will cease receiving any benefits under the Severance Plan if he or she fails to comply with any written agreement in effect between the Eligible Executive and us (or any of our subsidiaries) that contains non-competition, non-solicitation, or confidentiality provisions. 
   Executive Retention Agreements  
        The Company has entered into Retention Agreements with Stacie Shirley, Trent Taylor, Phillip D. Hixon, and Belinda Byrd-Rohleder providing for retention payments in exchange for each executive's agreement to remain employed with the Company through December 31, 2019. For additional information regarding these Retention Agreements, including payments required in the event an executive's employment is terminated by us without "cause", by an executive for "good reason" (but only if such termination of employment for good reason occurs within 18 months following the closing date of a change in control), or due to an executive's death or "total and permanent disability" (as each such term is defined in the Retention Agreements), see "Narrative Disclosure to Summary  Compensation Table and Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal 2018 Table—Employment Agreements or Arrangements—Other Employment Agreements—Executive Retention Agreements." 
   Payments Made Upon Retirement  
        In the event of the retirement of a named executive officer (in addition to the items identified above under "Payments Made Upon Termination"), under the terms of the 2008 Plan and the 2014 Plan, all of the executive's options that were exercisable on the date of such retirement remain exercisable for a period of up to three years after the date of such retirement (but no later than the original expiration date of the options); provided that the executive does not compete against the Company (as defined in the applicable plan or award agreement) during such period, subject to certain exceptions, and all options that were not exercisable on such date will be forfeited, provided that certain awards may continue to vest if the former executive serves as a director or consultant to the Company. Upon the executive's retirement, all unvested shares of restricted stock awarded under the 2008 Plan and the 2014 Plan will be forfeited, provided that certain awards may continue to vest if the former executive serves as a director or consultant to the Company. The 2008 Plan generally defines "retirement" to mean the same as such term is defined under any Company pension plan or retirement program or as otherwise approved by the committee administering the plan. The 2014 Plan defines "retirement" to mean an executive's termination of service solely due to retirement upon or after the attainment of age 65. 
        No benefits will be payable pursuant to the Severance Plan to an Eligible Executive for any termination due retirement, and no payments will be required under the Retention Agreements due to retirement. 
   Payments Made Upon Death or Disability  
        In the event of the death or disability of a named executive officer (in addition to the items identified above under "Payments Made Upon Termination") the named executive officer would receive payments under the Company's disability or life insurance plan, as appropriate. Under the terms of the 2008 Plan (and related award agreements thereunder) (for awards granted before February 18, 2014), upon an executive's death or disability, all of the executive's options that were exercisable on the date of death or disability remain exercisable for a period of one year after such date (but no later than the original expiration date of the options), all options that were not exercisable on such date will be forfeited and all unvested shares of restricted stock will vest. During fiscal 2014, we adopted amended forms of award agreements for awards under the 2008 Plan, effective for awards granted under the plans on or after such date, under which, upon an executive's death or disability, all of the executive's unvested options will vest and become exercisable on the date of death or disability, all options will remain exercisable for a period of one year after such date (but no later than the original expiration date of the options), and all unvested shares of restricted stock will vest. Award agreements for awards under the 2014 Plan include provisions consistent with those in the amended forms of award agreements under the 2008 Plan with respect to accelerated vesting of equity awards upon an executive's death or disability. 
        The 2008 Plan defines "disability" to mean, (i) in the case of an award that is exempt from Code Section 409A, a disability that would entitle the executive to disability payments under any Company disability plan, or in the absence of such plan (or coverage thereunder), a permanent and total disability as defined in Code Section 22(e)(3), and (ii) in the case of an award subject to Code Section 409A, (A) the executive is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, or (B) the executive is, by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, receiving income  replacement benefits for a period of not less than three months under a Company accident and health plan. The 2014 Plan defines "disability" to mean, (i) in the case of an award (other than an incentive stock option) that is exempt from Code Section 409A, a disability that would entitle the executive to disability payments under any Company disability plan or insurance policy, or in the absence of such plan or policy (or eligibility thereunder), that the executive, because of a physical or mental condition resulting from bodily injury, disease or mental disorder, is unable to perform his or her duties of employment for a period of six continuous months, as determined in good faith by the committee administering the plan, based upon medical reports or other evidence satisfactory to such committee, (ii) in the case of an incentive stock option, a total and permanent disability as defined under the rules governing such awards under the Code, and (iii) in the case of an award subject to Code Section 409A, a disability as defined under Code Section 409A and the regulations or other guidance issued thereunder (in lieu of the definition of disability for awards exempt from Code Section 409A to the extent necessary to comply with Code Section 409A). 
   Annual Cash Incentive Plan  
        Under the terms of the Annual Cash Incentive Plan, if a participating executive's employment is terminated due to death or disability during a performance period, the committee administering the Annual Cash Incentive Plan may, in its discretion, pay the executive a pro rata portion of incentive cash bonus that would have been earned by the executive, if the executive had remained employed, based on the number of days worked during the performance period. The Annual Cash Incentive Plan defines "disability" to mean any disability that would entitle the executive to disability payments under the Company's disability plan or insurance policy; or, if no such plan or policy is then in existence or if the executive is not entitled to participate in such plan or policy, a physical or mental condition resulting from bodily injury, disease or mental disorder that prevents the executive from performing his or her duties for a period of six continuous months, as determined in good faith by the committee administering the Annual Cash Incentive Plan, based upon medical reports or other evidence satisfactory to the committee. However, if the incentive cash bonus award is subject to Code Section 409A, then the term "disability" will have the meaning given such term under Code Section 409A. 
   Executive Severance Plan  
        Under the terms of the Severance Plan, no benefits will be payable if the participant's employment is terminated due to death or disability. 
   Retention Agreements  
        See "Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table and Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal 2018 Table—Employment Agreements or Arrangements—Other Employment Agreements—Executive Retention Agreements" above for information regarding payments under the Retention Agreements if an executive's employment is terminated due to death or "total and permanent disability" (as such term is defined in the Retention Agreements). 
   Payments Made Upon Change of Control  
   Long Term Incentive Plans  
        Under the terms of all awards issued under the 2008 Plan, and all awards issued under the 2014 Plan prior to November 16, 2016, immediately prior to a change of control, all stock options and stock awards held by the named executive officer automatically vest and become exercisable.          Generally, a change of control is deemed to occur under the 2008 Plan and the 2014 Plan if: 
        In addition, a change of control is deemed to occur under the 2008 Plan and the 2014 Plan if the individuals who are the incumbent directors (as determined under such plan) cease for any reason to constitute a majority of the members of the Board. 
        On November 16, 2016, the 2014 Plan was amended to provide that all future awards will not automatically vest upon a change of control. All future awards will vest if a participant's employment is terminated without "cause" or the participant terminates his or her employment for "good reason" at any time within the two year period following the change of control. 
   Severance Plan  
        See "—Payments Made Upon Termination—Severance Plan" above for information regarding severance payments required under the Severance Plan in the event an Eligible Executive's employment is terminated by the Company without "cause" at any time during the Severance Plan's term or by an Eligible Executive for "good reason", but only if such termination by the Eligible Executive for good reason occurs within 18 months following the closing date of a "change in control" (as each such term is defined in the Severance Plan). 
   Retention Agreements  
        See "Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table and Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal 2018 Table—Employment Agreements or Arrangements—Other Employment Agreements—Executive Retention Agreements" above for information regarding payments under the Retention Agreements if a "change in control" (as defined in the Retention Agreements) occurs prior to the payment of the full amount of the applicable Retention Payment. 
   Steven R. Becker  
        Under the employment agreement, in the event Mr. Becker terminates his employment without "good reason," or the Company terminates his employment for "cause," Mr. Becker would only be entitled to the compensation identified above under "Payments Made Upon Termination." 
        In the event Mr. Becker terminates his employment with "good reason," or the Company terminates his employment without "cause," prior to a "change in control" or more than 12 months thereafter (in addition to the items identified above under "Payments Made Upon Termination"), Mr. Becker would be entitled to: (i) 12 months base salary, paid in installments; (ii) his incentive cash bonus earned under the Company's Annual Cash Incentive Plan for the fiscal year prior to the year of termination but not yet paid as of the date of termination; and (iii) an amount equal to one times his annual bonus for such year at the target performance level for the fiscal year in which the termination  occurred, if he had remained employed during the entire performance period, payable at the same time as the bonus would otherwise be payable. Mr. Becker would also forfeit any unvested options (including any options included in the initial grant under the agreement), and any vested options would remain exercisable until the earlier of (x) one year following his termination of all service with the Company (both as an employee and member of the Board) (or, if later, one year from the end of the performance period for the performance-based options in the initial grant under the agreement) or (y) expiration of the option's term. 
        In the event Mr. Becker terminates his employment with "good reason," or the Company terminates his employment without "cause," on or within 12 months after a "change in control" (in addition to the items identified above under "Payments Made Upon Termination"), Mr. Becker would be entitled to: (i) 18 months base salary, paid in installments; (ii) his incentive cash bonus earned under the Company's Annual Cash Incentive Plan for the fiscal year prior to the year of termination but not yet paid as of the date of termination; and (iii) 1.5 times his target annual bonus payable at the same time as the bonus would otherwise be payable. In addition, all unvested time-based options held by Mr. Becker (including any time-based options included in the initial grant under the agreement) would immediately vest and all unvested performance-based options held by Mr. Becker (including any performance-based options included in the initial grant under the agreement, if still outstanding) would remain eligible to vest based upon achievement of performance goals in accordance with the terms of the applicable award agreement (pro-rated based on actual days of employment (provided that for Mr. Becker's initial grant of performance-based options under the agreement, if termination of employment occurs after December 11, 2018, no proration would occur)). All vested options will have the same post-termination exercise period as described in the immediately preceding paragraph. 
        In the event of Mr. Becker's termination upon the Company's non-renewal of the employment agreement, such termination would be treated as a termination without "cause" other than in connection with a "change in control" and Mr. Becker would be entitled to the same benefits and payments described above with respect to his termination without "cause." 
        In the employment agreement, Mr. Becker has agreed to certain restrictive covenants during the employment term and for one year thereafter (or 18 months if Mr. Becker is terminated for any reason on or within 12 months following a "change in control"). 
        The employment agreement defines "cause" to mean: (i) an act of theft, embezzlement, fraud or dishonesty; (ii) any willful misconduct or gross negligence; (iii) any violation of fiduciary duties; (iv) conviction of, or pleading nolo contendere or guilty to, a felony or misdemeanor that may cause damage to the Company or its reputation; (v) an uncured, material violation of the Company's written policies, standards or guidelines; (vi) an uncured, willful failure or refusal to satisfactorily perform duties or responsibilities; and (vii) an uncured, material breach by Mr. Becker of the employment agreement or any other agreement with the Company. The employment agreement defines "good reason" to mean: (w) a material reduction by the Company of Mr. Becker's base salary or target bonus opportunity as a percentage of his base salary, without his consent; (x) an uncured, material breach by the Company of the employment agreement; (y) the Company's relocation of its principal executive offices, or requirement that Mr. Becker have his principal work location change which results in his principal work location being changed to a location in excess of 50 miles from the location of the Company's current principal executive offices, in each case, without Mr. Becker's consent; or (z) the failure by a successor to all or substantially all of the Company's assets to assume the employment agreement either contractually or by operation of law. The employment agreement defines a "change in control" to mean a change in control under the 2014 Plan.          The following table shows the potential payments upon termination or change of control of the Company for Mr. Becker, as of the fiscal year ended June 30, 2018. 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Short-Term Incentive:                                 
 Annual Cash Incentive     —     717,500     1,076,250     —     —   
 Long-Term Incentive:                                 
 Stock Options     —     —     149,031 (1)   149,031 (1)   149,031 (1) 
 Restricted Stock Awards     —     —     636,364 (2)   636,364 (2)   636,364 (2) 
 Benefits & Perquisites:                                 
 Health & Welfare Benefits     —     —     —     —     —   
 Life Insurance Proceeds     —     —     —     —     300,000   
 Cash Severance     —     717,500     1,076,250     —     —   
 Total     —     1,435,000     2,937,895     785,395     1,085,395   
[END TABLE]
   Stacie R. Shirley  
        The following table shows the potential payments upon termination or change of control of the Company for Ms. Shirley as of June 30, 2018, the last day of the 2018 fiscal year. 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Short-Term Incentive:                                       
 Annual Cash Incentive     —     —     —     —     —     —   
 Long-Term Incentive:                                       
 Stock Options     —     —     —     22,355 (2)   22,355 (2)   22,355 (2) 
 Restricted Stock Awards     —     —     108,772     238,318     238,318     238,318   
 Benefits & Perquisites:                                       
 Health & Welfare Benefits     —     14,005     —     21,008     —     —   
 Life Insurance Proceeds     —     —     —     —     300,000     —   
 Outplacement Amounts     —     4,000           4,000               
 Cash Severance                                       
 Severance(3)     —     606,251     —     808,334     —     —   
 Retention(3)     —     800,000     —     800,000     800,000     800,000   
 Total     —     1,424,256     108,772     1,894,015     1,360,673     1,060,673   
[END TABLE]
    Phillip D. Hixon  
        The following table shows the potential payments upon termination or change of control of the Company for Phillip Hixon, the Company's Executive Vice President—Store Operation, as of the fiscal year ended June 30, 2018. 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Short-Term Incentive:                                       
 Annual Cash Incentive     —     —     —     —     —         
 Long-Term Incentive:                                       
 Stock Options     —     —     —     22,355 (2)   22,355 (2)   22,355 (2) 
 Restricted Stock Awards     —     —     134,128     263,674     263,674     263,674   
 Benefits & Perquisites:                                       
 Health & Welfare Benefits     —     15,613     —     23,420     —     —   
 Life Insurance Proceeds     —     —     —     —     300,000         
 Outplacement Amounts           4,000           4,000               
 Cash Severance                                       
 Severance(3)     —     459,000     —     612,000     —     —   
 Retention(3)     —     500,000     —     500,000     500,000     500,000   
 Total     —     978,613     134,128     1,425,449     1,086,029     786,029   
[END TABLE]
    Trent Taylor  
        The following table shows the potential payments upon termination or change of control of the Company for Mr. Taylor, the Company's CIO and Executive Vice President, Supply Chain and Inventory Management, as of June 30, 2018, the last day of the 2018 fiscal year. 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Short-Term Incentive:                                       
 Annual Cash Incentive     —     —     —     —     —         
 Long-Term Incentive:                                       
 Stock Options     —     —     —     10,645 (2)   10,645 (2)   10,645 (2) 
 Restricted Stock Awards     —     —     28,780     206,620     206,620     206,620   
 Benefits & Perquisites:                                       
 Health & Welfare Benefits     —     23,563     —     35,345     —     —   
 Life Insurance Proceeds     —     —     —     —     300,000         
 Outplacement Amounts           4,000           4,000               
 Cash Severance                                       
 Severance(3)     —     525,000     —     700,000     —     —   
 Retention(3)     —     500,000     —     500,000     500,000     500,000   
 Total     —     1,052,563     28,780     1,456,610     1,017,265     717,265   
[END TABLE]
    Belinda Byrd-Rohleder  
        The following table shows the potential payments upon termination or change of control of the Company for Ms. Byrd-Rohleder, the Company's Senior Vice President and General Merchandising Manager, as of June 30, 2018, the last day of the 2018 fiscal year. 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Short-Term Incentive:                                       
 Annual Cash Incentive     —     —     —     —     —     —   
 Long-Term Incentive:                                       
 Stock Options     —     —     —     6,210 (2)   6,210 (2)   6,210 (2) 
 Restricted Stock Awards     —     —     64,274     117,783     117,783     117,783   
 Benefits & Perquisites:                                       
 Health & Welfare Benefits     —     6,552     —     9,828     —     —   
 Life Insurance Proceeds     —     —     —     —     300,000         
 Cash Severance                                       
 Severance(3)     —     270,000     —     405,000     —     —   
 Retention(3)     —     500,000     —     500,000     500,000     500,000   
 Total     —     776,552     64,274     1,038,821     923,993     623,993   
[END TABLE]
    Chief Executive Officer Pay Ratio         
        In August 2015, the SEC adopted a rule mandated by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act that requires a public company to calculate and disclose the total compensation paid to our median employee, and to disclose the ratio of the total compensation of our Chief Executive Officer to that of the median employee. SEC rules for identifying the median employee and calculating the pay ratio allow companies to apply various methodologies and assumptions. Therefore, the pay ratio reported by us may not be comparable to the pay ratio reported by other companies, including those within our peer group or industry. 
        The median employee is a part-time employee and was identified by reviewing the total cash compensation for all employees, excluding the Company's Chief Executive Officer, who were employed by the Company on June 30, 2018. All of the Company's employees were included, whether employed on a full-time or part-time basis. Adjustments were made to annualize the compensation of employees who were not employed by the Company for the entire year. After identifying the median employee based on total cash compensation, the 2018 annual total compensation was calculated for the median  employee using the same methodology used for the Company's Chief Executive Officer as presented in the Summary Compensation Table. 
        We identified 8,212 full-time, part-time and temporary associates as of the end of the fiscal year 2018 to include in the pool. We used total cash compensation (including stock, if awarded) as the consistently applied compensation measure (CACM). Associates who were not employed for the entire year such as new hires and those on a leave of absence were prorated and annualized. The total compensation for the median employee was $9,100. The Chief Executive Officer's total compensation was calculated as in the 2018 Summary Compensation Table, and is $1,284,748. The ratio is 141 to 1.      DIRECTOR COMPENSATION         
        The table below summarizes the compensation paid to each non-employee director of the Company for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2018. 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Terry Burman     135,000     66,822     —     —     —     —     201,822   
 Frank M. Hamlin     77,500     35,981     —     —     —     —     113,481   
 William Montalto     60,000     35,981     —     —     —     —     95,981   
 Sherry M. Smith     82,500     35,981     —     —     —     —     118,481   
 Richard S. Willis     95,000     35,981     —     —     —     —     130,981   
 Barry S. Gluck     67,833     35,981     —     —     —     —     103,814   
 James T. Corcoran     28,329     35,981     —     —     —     —     64,310   
 Jimmie L. Wade(2)     43,438     —     —     —     —     —     43,438   
[END TABLE]
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Terry Burman     20,000     —     24,229   
 Frank M. Hamlin     —     —     13,084   
 William Montalto     20,000     —     13,084   
 Sherry M. Smith     —     —     13,084   
 Richard S. Willis     20,000     —     13,084   
 Barry S. Gluck     —     —     13,084   
 James T. Corcoran     —     —     13,084   
[END TABLE]
        In November 2017, the Company adopted the following compensation program for non-employee directors (the "Director Compensation Plan"): 
[BEGIN TABLE]
 Annual Retainer     60,000     10,000     7,500     5,000   
 Annual Chairman Fee     60,000     20,000     15,000     10,000   
 Annual Restricted stock grant—value     35,981     —     —     —   
[END TABLE]
        Under the Director Compensation Plan, non-employee directors receive reimbursement for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in attending Board and committee meetings and the standard 20% discount on merchandise purchases that is provided to all of our employees. 
        As an employee of the Company, Mr. Becker does not receive any additional compensation in connection with his service as a member of the Board of Directors of the Company. 
        For fiscal 2018, the Compensation Committee changed the award value of the standard annual grant from $70,000 to $35,981. The Compensation Committee took this approach because it believed the current market value of the stock did not reflect the value of the Company and that the awards will provide the potential for a substantial increase in future value based on the Company's performance. They chose to move from a value-based dollar grant of LTI equity to a flat share amount based upon the same number of shares awarded in fiscal year 2017. These awards of restricted stock vest one year from grant date. If the director begins service on or prior to July 31 during the first year of service, the director will receive a value-based dollar grant of LTI equity of $35,981. If the director begins service after July 31 during the first year of service, the director will receive one-half of the flat share amount of a restricted stock award valued at $17,981. The Company expects to return to making grants at the standard annual grant value of $70,000 in the near future. 
        In addition, on November 15, 2017, the Company also paid fees to Mr. Burman of $60,000 and granted Mr. Burman 11,215 shares of restricted stock under the 2014 Plan having a grant date fair value of $30,841, all of which are scheduled to vest on November 15, 2018, which represented a special restricted stock grant in connection with his service as independent Chairman of the Board.      REPORT OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE         
        The Audit Committee, which is comprised solely of non-employee directors, all of whom the Board has determined are independent pursuant to the applicable NASDAQ rules and SEC requirements relating to the independence of audit committee members, oversees Tuesday Morning Corporation's financial reporting process on behalf of the Board of Directors. Management has the primary responsibility for the financial statements and the reporting process including the systems of internal controls. In fulfilling its oversight responsibilities, the Audit Committee has reviewed and discussed the audited financial statements in the Annual Report on Form 10-K with management, which included a discussion of the quality, not just the acceptability of the accounting principles, the reasonableness of significant judgments, and the clarity of the disclosures in the financial statements. 
        The Audit Committee is responsible for appointment, compensation and oversight of the Company's independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst & Young. The Audit Committee reviewed with Ernst & Young, who is responsible for expressing an opinion on the conformity of those audited financial statements with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, their judgments as to the quality, not just the acceptability, of Tuesday Morning Corporation's accounting principles. The Audit Committee also discussed with the independent registered public accounting firm the matters required to be discussed by Auditing Standard No. 16 (codified as Auditing Standard No. 1301), "Communications with Audit Committees", issued by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. In addition, the Audit Committee has discussed with the independent registered public accounting firm the independent registered public accounting firm's independence from management and the Company, and has received the written disclosures and the letter from the independent registered public accounting firm required by applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding the independent registered public accounting firm's communications with the Audit Committee concerning independence, and considered the compatibility of non-audit services with the independent registered public accounting firm's independence. 
        The Audit Committee discussed with the Company's independent registered public accounting firm the overall scope and plans for their respective audits. The Audit Committee meets with the independent registered public accounting firm, with and without management present, to discuss the results of their examinations, their evaluations of the Company's internal controls, and the overall quality of the Company's financial reporting. 
        The Audit Committee meets with the Company's Chief Financial Officer to discuss the overall scope and results of projects, including evaluation of the Company's internal controls and the overall quality of the Company's financial reporting. 
        Based on the review and discussions referred to above, the Audit Committee recommended to the Board of Directors (and the Board approved) that the audited financial statements be included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2018 for filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Audit Committee also selected Ernst & Young as the Company's independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2019.      CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS         
   Policy and Procedures with Respect to Related Party Transactions  
        The Company has adopted a written policy governing the review, approval or ratification of "Related Party Transactions," as described below (the "Policy"). 
   Related Party Transactions  
        For the purposes of the Policy, a "Related Party Transaction" is a transaction or any material amendment to a transaction, including, but not limited to, any financial transaction, agreement, arrangement or relationship (including any indebtedness of guarantee of indebtedness), or any series of similar transactions, agreements, arrangements or relationships, in which the Company was, is or will be a participant, and the amount involved exceeds $120,000, and in which any Related Party had, has or will have a direct or indirect material interest (subject to certain exceptions). 
        For purposes of the Policy, a "Related Party" is: (i) any person who is, or at any time since the beginning of the Company's last fiscal year was, an executive officer, a director, or a nominee for director of the Company; (ii) any person who, at the time of the occurrence or existence of the Related Party Transaction, is the beneficial owner of more than 5% of any class of the Company's voting securities; or (iii) any "immediate family member" (as defined in the Policy) of any of the foregoing persons and any person (other than a tenant or employee) sharing the household of any of the foregoing persons. 
   Approval Procedures  
        The Policy requires that when the Company or a Related Party proposes to engage in a transaction that is potentially a Related Party Transaction, the following steps will be taken: Chair does not ratify the Related Party Transaction, the Company will take all reasonable efforts or actions to cancel or terminate it. 
   Ratification Procedures  
        In the event any Related Party Transaction is not reported to the Audit Committee or the Chair or approved pursuant to the above described process prior to the Company entering into such Related Party Transaction, the following steps will be taken:
   Disclosure  
        Under the Policy, all Related Party Transactions that are required to be disclosed in the Company's filings with the SEC, as required by the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the Exchange Act and related rules and regulations, will be so disclosed in accordance with such laws, rules and regulations. Furthermore, all Related Party Transactions will be disclosed to the Board of Directors following approval or ratification, as the case may be, of a Related Party Transaction. 
   Report of the Company's Related Party Transactions  
        The Company did not participate in any Related Party Transactions during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2018. 
    SECTION 16(A) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING COMPLIANCE         
        Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our directors and executive officers, and persons who own more than 10% of our Common Stock to report their initial ownership of our Common Stock and any subsequent changes in that ownership to the SEC. Specific due dates have been established by the SEC for the filing of these reports, and we are required to disclose in this Proxy Statement any failure to file by these dates. The SEC's rules require such persons to furnish the Company with copies of all Section 16(a) reports that they file. Based solely on our review of these reports and on written representations from the reporting persons that no report was required, we believe that the applicable Section 16(a) reporting requirements were complied with for all transactions which occurred during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2018, except that each of Trent Taylor and Belinda Byrd-Rohleder inadvertently failed to timely file a report on Form 4 relating to three equity grants made in September 2017 but such transactions were reported on Form 4s filed in September 2017.      SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT         
        The following table sets forth certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our Common Stock as of October 11, 2018 by (1) each person (or group of affiliated persons) who is known by us to own beneficially more than 5% of the Common Stock outstanding on October 11, 2018 (based upon SEC filings), (2) each of our directors and the new director nominee, (3) each of our NEOs and (4) all of our directors and executive officers as a group. The Company has determined beneficial ownership in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC. Unless otherwise indicated, to the Company's knowledge, each stockholder has sole voting and dispositive power with respect to the securities beneficially owned by that stockholder. On October 11, 2018, there were 45,946,656 shares of Common Stock outstanding. 
[BEGIN TABLE]
         T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc.(1)     6,833,570     14.9% 
         100 E. Pratt Street   Baltimore, MD 21202               
 PAR Investment Partners, L.P.(2)     4,468,600     9.7% 
 200 Clarendon Street, 48th Floor   Boston, MA 02116               
         Uziel Capital Management, LLC(3)     3,933,750     8.6% 
         654 Madison Avenue, 9th Floor   New York, NY 10065               
 Dimensional Fund Advisors LP(4)     3,276,647     7.1% 
 Building One, 6300 Bee Cave Road   Austin, TX 78746               
         Steven R. Becker(5)     1,494,469     3.2% 
 Terry Burman(6)     264,433     *   
         James T. Corcoran(7)     381,884     *   
 Barry Gluck(8)     40,584     *   
         Frank M. Hamlin(9)     54,679     *   
 William Montalto(10)     124,668     *   
         Sherry M. Smith(11)     46,829     *   
 Richard S Willis(12)     77,052     *   
         Stacie R. Shirley(13)     230,847     *   
 Phillip D. Hixon(14)     298,791     *   
         Trent Taylor(15)     133,370     *   
 Belinda Byrd-Rohleder(16)     97,459     *   
         All directors and executive officers as a group (12 persons)(17)     3,245,065     7.0% 
[END TABLE]
 of the PAR Reporting Persons has the sole power to vote all of the 3,504,155 shares of Common Stock and the sole power to dispose of all of the 3,504,155 shares of Common Stock. PAR Group is the sole general partner of PAR and PAR Capital Management is the sole general partner of PAR Group and therefore PAR Group and PAR Capital Management may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of all shares held directly by PAR.   73
    STOCKHOLDERS' PROPOSALS         
        Pursuant to Rule 14a-8, to be included in the Board of Directors' solicitation of proxies relating to the 2019 annual meeting of the Company's stockholders, a stockholder proposal must be received at our principal executive offices, no later than June 21, 2019. 
        With respect to stockholder proposals to be presented at the 2019 annual meeting which are not intended to be included in our proxy statement relating to that meeting, pursuant to the Company's Amended and Restated Bylaws (the "Bylaws"), a stockholder's written notice of such proposal, in the form specified in the Bylaws, must be delivered to or mailed and received at our principal executive offices no earlier than August 1, 2019 and no later than August 31, 2019. Pursuant to Rule 14a-4(c)(1) promulgated under the Exchange Act, the Company's management will have discretionary authority to vote on any matter of which the Company does not receive notice of by August 31, 2019, with respect to proxies submitted for the 2019 annual meeting of the Company's stockholders. 
        Pursuant to the Bylaws, in order to nominate persons for election to the Board of Directors at the 2019 annual meeting of the Company's stockholders, a stockholder must deliver notice of the intention to submit nominations at the meeting, in the form specified in the Bylaws, to the Secretary of the Company no earlier than August 1, 2019 and no later than August 31, 2019. 
        We reserve the right to reject, rule out of order, or take other appropriate actions with respect to any proposal or nomination that does not comply with these and other applicable requirements. 
    INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM         
        Ernst & Young served as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2018, and the Audit Committee has selected Ernst & Young as the independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2019. The Board is soliciting the ratification of this selection by the Company's stockholders at the Annual Meeting. 
        Representatives of Ernst & Young are expected to be present at the Annual Meeting and will have the opportunity to make a statement if they so desire and are expected to be available to respond to appropriate questions. 
   Audit Fees  
        The aggregate fees billed by Ernst & Young for professional services rendered for the audit of the Company's annual financial statements, including the audit of the Company's internal control over financial reporting and the review of the financial statements included in the Company's Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2017 were $950,500 and $902,430, respectively. The fiscal 2017 audit fees also included services in connection with a registration statement filed with the SEC. 
   Audit-Related Fees  
        The aggregate fees billed by Ernst & Young for audit-related services rendered for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2018 and June 30, 2017, were $2,160 and $2,160, respectively. Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our consolidated financial statements and are not reported under "Audit Fees." The services for both fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2017 were comprised solely of the Company's subscription to on-line research.     Tax Fees  
        The aggregate fees billed by Ernst & Young for tax-related services rendered for fiscal year ended June 30, 2018 were $2,500. No fees were billed by Ernst & Young for tax-related service in the fiscal year ended June 30, 2017. Tax fees consist of fees billed for tax services that are unrelated to the audit of our consolidated financial statements and include assistance regarding federal, state and local tax compliance, approved tax planning and other tax advice. 
   All Other Fees  
        Excluding the audit fees, audit-related fees and tax fees mentioned above, there were no other fees billed by Ernst & Young during the fiscal years ended June 30, 2018 and June 30, 2017, respectively. 
   Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures  
        The Audit Committee has adopted a policy that requires advance approval of all audit fees, audit-related fees, tax services and other services performed by our independent registered public accounting firm. The policy provides for pre-approval by the Audit Committee of specifically defined audit and non-audit services. Unless the specific service has been previously pre-approved with respect to that year (and except for items exempt from pre-approval under applicable laws and rules), the Audit Committee must approve the permitted service before the independent registered public accounting firm is engaged to perform it. The Audit Committee has delegated to the Chairman of the Audit Committee authority to approve permitted services provided that the Chairman reports any decisions to the Committee at its next scheduled meeting. All audit and non-audit services for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2018 were pre-approved by the Audit Committee. 
    HOUSEHOLDING OF PROXIES         
        For stockholders who have requested a printed copy of our proxy materials, the SEC has adopted rules that permit companies and intermediaries such as brokers to satisfy delivery requirements for annual reports and proxy statements with respect to two or more stockholders sharing the same address by delivering a single Annual Report, Proxy Statement or Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials addressed to those stockholders. This process, which is commonly referred to as "householding," potentially provides extra convenience for stockholders and cost savings for companies. The Company, and some brokers, household annual reports, proxy materials, or Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, as applicable, delivering a single annual report and proxy statement to multiple stockholders who have requested printed copies and share an address, unless contrary instructions have been received from one or more of the affected stockholders. 
        Once you have received notice from your broker or the Company that your broker or the Company will be householding materials to your address, householding will continue until you are notified otherwise or until you revoke your consent. If, at any time, you no longer wish to participate in householding and would prefer to receive a separate Annual Report, Proxy Statement or Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, as applicable, in the future, please notify your broker if your shares are held in a brokerage account, or the Company if you hold registered shares. If, at any time, you and another stockholder sharing the same address wish to participate in householding and prefer to receive a single copy of our Annual Report and Proxy Statement, please notify your broker if your shares are held in a brokerage account, or the Company if you hold registered shares. 
        You may request to receive at any time a separate copy of our Annual Report or Proxy Statement by sending a written request to the Company's Secretary at 6250 LBJ Freeway, Dallas, Texas 75240 or by telephoning (972) 387-3562. A separate copy of the requested materials will be sent promptly following receipt of your request.      OTHER MATTERS         
        As of the date of this Proxy Statement, the Board of Directors is not aware of any matter to be presented for action at the Annual Meeting other than the matters set forth herein. If any other matters should arise at the Annual Meeting, shares represented by proxies will be voted at the discretion of the proxy holders. 
Dallas, Texas,  October 19, 2018  VOTE BY   INTERNET - www.proxyvote.com Use the Internet to transmit your voting   instructions and for electronic delivery of information up until 11:59 P.M.   Eastern Time the day before the meeting date. Have your proxy card in hand   when you access the web site and follow the instructions to obtain your   records and to create an electronic voting instruction form. TUESDAY MORNING   CORPORATION 6250 LBJ FREEWAY DALLAS, TX 75240 ELECTRONIC DELIVERY OF FUTURE   PROXY MATERIALS If you would like to reduce the costs incurred by our company   in mailing proxy materials, you can consent to receiving all future proxy   statements, proxy cards and annual reports electronically via e-mail or the   Internet. To sign up for electronic delivery, please follow the instructions   above to vote using the Internet and, when prompted, indicate that you agree   to receive or access proxy materials electronically in future years. VOTE BY   PHONE - 1-800-690-6903 Use any touch-tone telephone to transmit your voting   instructions up until 11:59 P.M. Eastern Time the day before the meeting   date. Have your proxy card in hand when you call and then follow the   instructions. VOTE BY MAIL Mark, sign and date your proxy card and return it   in the postage-paid envelope we have provided or return it to Vote Processing,   c/o Broadridge, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, NY 11717. TO VOTE, MARK BLOCKS   BELOW IN BLUE OR BLACK INK AS FOLLOWS: KEEP THIS PORTION FOR YOUR RECORDS   DETACH AND RETURN THIS PORTION ONLY THIS PROXY CARD IS VALID ONLY WHEN SIGNED   AND DATED. For Withhold For All Except To withhold authority to vote for any   individual nominee(s), mark "For All Except" and write the number(s) of the   AllAll The Board of Directors recommends you vote FOR the following:   nominee(s) on the line below. 0 0 0 1. Election of Directors Nominees 01   Steven R. Becker 06 Sherry M. Smith 02 Terry Burman 07 Richard S Willis 03   James T. Corcoran 04 Barry S. Gluck 05 Frank M. Hamlin The Board of Directors   recommends you vote FOR proposals 2 and 3. 2. Approval, on an advisory basis,   of the Company's executive compensation. For 0 For 0 Against 0 Against 0   Abstain 0 Abstain 0 3. Ratification of the selection of Ernst & Young LLP   as the Company's independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal   year ending June 30, 2019. NOTE: Such other business as may properly come   before the meeting or any postponement or adjournment thereof. 0 For address   change/comments, mark here. (see reverse for instructions) Please sign   exactly as your name(s) appear(s) hereon. When signing as attorney, executor,   administrator, or other fiduciary, please give full title as such. Joint   owners should each sign personally. All holders must sign. If a corporation   or partnership, please sign in full corporate or partnership name by   authorized officer. Signature [PLEASE SIGN WITHIN BOX] Date Signature (Joint   Owners) Date 0000389623_1 R1.0.1.17 
Important   Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual Meeting:   The Notice & Proxy Statement, Annual Report is/ are available at www.proxyvote.com.   THIS PROXY IS SOLICITED ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS TUESDAY MORNING   CORPORATION Annual Meeting of Stockholders November 29, 2018 8:30 AM (Central   time) The undersigned hereby appoints Stacie Shirley and Bridgett Zeterberg,   and each of them, proxies or proxy with full power of substitution and   revocation as to each of them, to represent and vote, as designated on the   other side, all the shares of stock of Tuesday Morning Corporation standing   in the name of the undersigned with all powers which the undersigned would   possess if present at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders of Tuesday Morning   Corporation to be held on November 29, 2018 or any adjournment or   postponement thereof, on all matters coming before said meeting. The   availability of the proxy statement dated October 19, 2018 is acknowledged.   You are encouraged to specify your vote by marking the appropriate boxes ON   THE REVERSE SIDE, and this proxy will be voted as specified. If no choice is   specified, this proxy will be voted in accordance with the Board of   Directors' recommendations, which are FOR all nominees listed in Proposal 1,   FOR Proposal 2 and FOR Proposal 3. If any other matters properly come before   the meeting, or any adjournment or postponement thereof, the proxy holder(s)   named in this proxy will vote the shares in their discretion. The proxy   holder(s) cannot vote your shares unless you sign and return this card, grant   your proxy through the Internet or grant your proxy by telephone in   accordance with the instructions on the reverse side. Address   change/comments: (If you noted any Address Changes and/or Comments above,   please mark corresponding box on the reverse side.) Continued and to be   signed on reverse side 0000389623_2 R1.0.1.17 
 QuickLinks 