 
UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
SCHEDULE 14A
Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a)  of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  (Amendment No.)
Filed by the Registrant [X]  Filed by a Party other than the Registrant [ ]
Check the appropriate box:  [ ] Preliminary Proxy Statement  [ ] Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2))  [ ] Definitive Proxy Statement  [X] Definitive Additional Materials  [ ] Soliciting Material under Rule14a-12
AMCAP Fund
American Balanced Fund
American Funds College Target Date Series
American Funds Corporate Bond Fund
American Funds Developing World Growth and Income Fund
American Funds Emerging Markets Bond Fund
American Funds Fundamental Investors
American Funds Global Balanced Fund
The American Funds Income Series 
American Funds Inflation Linked Bond Fund
American Funds Mortgage Fund
American Funds Portfolio Series
American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio Series
American Funds Short-Term Tax-Exempt Bond Fund
American Funds Strategic Bond Fund
American Funds Target Date Retirement Series
American Funds Tax-Exempt Fund of New York
American Funds Tax-Exempt Series II
American Funds U.S. Government Money Market Fund
American High-Income Municipal Bond Fund
American High-Income Trust
American Mutual Fund
The Bond Fund of America
Capital Income Builder
Capital World Bond Fund
Capital World Growth and Income Fund
EuroPacific Growth Fund
The Growth Fund of America
The Income Fund of America
Intermediate Bond Fund of America
International Growth and Income Fund
The Investment Company of America
Limited Term Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America
The New Economy Fund
New Perspective Fund
New World Fund, Inc.
Short-Term Bond Fund of America
SMALLCAP World Fund, Inc.
The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America
Washington Mutual Investors Fund
(Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)
(Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant)
Payment of filing fee (Check the appropriate box):
[X]       No fee required.
[ ]       Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(4) and 0-11.
(1)        Title of each class of securities to which transaction applies:
(2)        Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies:
(4)        Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction:
(5)        Total fee paid:
[ ]        Fee paid with preliminary materials.
[ ]	Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing for which the offsetting fee was paid previously. Identify the previous filing by registration statement number, or the Form or Schedule and the date of its filing.
(1)        Amount Previously Paid:
(2)        Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.:
(3)        Filing Party:
(4)        Date Filed:
-ii-
Retiree email notification
American Funds investors: Your vote counts
As a follow-up to our recent mailing, if you haven't yet done so, we encourage you to vote 'FOR' the election of American Funds board members representing your fund(s). For more information, please go to americanfunds.com/vote or call (800) 421-4225.
